cough usa cough ''
that 's not a `` clash . '' a group of masked white males brutally assaulted a peaceful gay minority independent journalist during pride month . & amp ; # x200b ; but it is hilarious to see the left completely not give a shit about that headline .
removed
hey guys this is what fascism looks like
i do n't know what pisses me off more . the gop 's bullshit or the fact they 're getting paid for it .
yeah , she was a real flake when she worked for the american people in the white house . we did n't elect chelsea but she still had a job for the government !
i got ta say something , what happened to this term ? i feel like it got coopted really quickly . when i first heard it the friend who said it told me `` like , think anthony bourdain '' . the way i saw it used after that seemed to line up with that idea . it seemed like the term was originally meant to refer to the things that were masculine/masterful without being `` toxic '' . like a guy with bde is the sort of guy who respects women but also gets laid a lot cuase he 's actually cool . has confidence backed up by knowledge and skills . knows the difference between what 's good and what 's expensive/popular . he respects and understands people from all classes and endeavors to understand any new ideas he 's confronted with . he gets discounts and things comped when he 's out on the town he is most certainly a cosmopolitan without ever asking , becuase clerks and waiters feel his respect and genuine nature . he makes an entrance without making a scene , if you know what i mean . last two weeks i keep on seeing it referring to classic rapey ferrari driving provide zero value or utility to society assholes . it really bugs me cuase i liked the old meaning , it felt like a step towards society becoming more aware of the signifier vs the signed , the whole `` do n't listen to what men say , watch what they do '' thing
i feel like the dnc was largely allied to her and that she ignored how polarizing she is to anybody who is leaning conservative and beyond . it cancelled out the supposed working class votes she `` should have '' gained by being a centrist . clearly that idea no longer works
oh good . representative of our country are getting into bar brawls with rogue states .
i hate to admit this but he ’ s right : the us commits a lot of atrocities , and is currently involved in supporting the saudis with bombs to kill innocent people in yemen . he ’ s being controversial to get the attention of the people . and i think he has a point . if you think this comment in context , is horrible , you really need to stop your blind faith in countries and know that decisions must be made everyday that get people killed . we have to honor our own involvement in the death of innocent people to be a better society .
so ... war ? is that happening ?
i could tell you which one is worse . let 's start with the fact that trying to leave north korea without permission can carry a death sentence . it 's not a country , so much as a decades old hostage situation . try also learning a little bit about the place .
i consider myself social liberal / financially conservative . i believe in a strong safety net for those who deserve it . especially where health care is involved . im all for free state college , medicare for all , and fixing the high cost of prescriptions . in order to protect those safety nets i also believe in legal immigration and asylum . my idea is to tax all money that is sent out of the country by individuals and use that to fund border protection and increase immigration judges . i dont like the idea of catch and release , but with it taking 3 to 5 years for immigration cases to be heard what to do ? could change the laws and make immigration cases and asylum claims to be heard at us embassies . dont like the idea of separating kids from families . trump is going about it all wrong . obama deported far more illegals without all of the drama . i like the idea of a national id card . must have one to be able to work , attend school , have utilities , rent a home or apt or hotel , or have a bank acct or use money transfer service . no valid id no service . that would stop a lot of illegals right there . yet neither side supports that idea . why ?
while i do n't agree with aoc 's views , she is absolutely right on this one . why was ivanka even there ?
deleted
`` the government ca n't work because i will break it ! '' & amp ; # x200b ; wow , great point !
npr has been real shit lately with there election coverage
what is out of context here ? he says you have to kill people to lead a country .
removed
removed
these are the fascists we 've been warning you republicans about for too long . you just did n't care to listen ; look at yourselves and ask how we got in this mess . it 's because of you , and your obsession with fox news and xenophobia . it 's time to turn off the tv
i mean he 's not wrong . no country has ever not killed people . someone holding non violence as a core value is an incredible indication of privilege .
so ... you approve this message ? you want and think it 's okay ?
mine too sadly enough
point made
domestically , sure . his foreign policy legacy is monstrous , albeit no moreso than any other modern president .
they did n't pass obamacare ?
it 's modern capitalism in government & amp ; politics . you ca n't just steal or destroy capital . there has to be compensation at many multiples of the lost value . but as for people workers , soldiers , etc . , they 're expendable . & amp ; # x200b ; yes , it 's sickening what things have come to and the socalled `` moderate '' republicans still think they 're the victims .
joe vs the hamberdler ? pretty sure joe will win in the health arena
as someone who grew up in an country with universal health care but now lives in the u.s . i sometimes feel like i 'm from the future and travelled back in time and am now trying to explain the achievable developments of labour laws to industrial factory workers .
genx ers , millennials , use the parental lockout on the cable box to disable right wing propaganda channels .
otoh who would disagree after what happened to the last team ? after all 'leading a country means killing people ' . it is known .
there was a lot of media present and many flew on air force one like the press always does for events like this but let ’ s just ignore that shall we .
deleted
i sure would n't stimulate the economy with an extra $ 350 a month , nope not me . i would n't save for a better car , or take a nice trip , or buy new clothes , or god help me , save up for a ridiculous place of my own /s
the fact that half of her twitter followers are apparently bots is a separate but still an important consideration . maybe in the future , new social media platforms will code ways to trace and publicly identify bots when enough people get fedup and want a transparent and competitive alternative . until then , there will be a lot of malfeasance . the general discussion of around wars for regime change still an important one , imo i think it 's bad policy .
deleted
deleted
removed
i 'm going to start identifying all strangers in my personal anecdotes by their presumed sexual orientation . `` so the other day , i was at this diner for breakfast and this heterosexual waiter came up and '' `` wait , heterosexual waiter ? wtf does this have to do with the story ? '' `` nothing . so anyway . this heterosexual waiter came up and motioned to this bisexual college girl at the counter and ... ''
if only she 'd turn blue , blow up and need to be taken somewhere to be juiced .
removed
it 's everyone making it a big deal like he 's saying for a fact 51 % of business meetings in seattle went like this . and guys you do n't have proof that it wasnt like that . but guess what . it is n't the point . the point was a few years ago , in most places in america , a sizable portion of the time , gay people were mocked and now it 's better and less accepted . it 's not about specific percentages or years or cities . it 's just a general point . let 's say he 's slightly off and out was 49 % or it was 7 not 5 years ago . ok. that 's not some sort of crazy gaffe like people are making out . he 's slightly off maybe but his point is fine .
and where did he say it was okay we do it because everyone else does it
sad reality may be that it 's easier for , say , hickenlooper and bullock to fund presidential campaigns with contributors nationwide than fund senate campains mostly from contributors within their respective states .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's the same video as the twitter post aoc replied too .
deleted
nah , do n't worry , tucker carlson is the barrier preventing that for now .
people need to do better in math . i ’ d rather pay several thousand dollars more in taxes then tens of thousands in healthcare costs . the misappropriation of funds is the problem . special interests and corporations . healthcare shouldn ’ t be about profits . something bernie has been harping for decades . not just because it ’ s the flavor of the month .
deleted
oh , i am sorry i confused you
removed
i can tell you did n't read the article
most likely the cartoon would not have made as big of an impact if not fired . but since he was fired and looks to have been due to the cartoon , it has grown in magnitude .
he is n't being manipulated . he just does n't care about politics . everything is about tv ratings for him , and entertaining north korea right now is huge ratings . human dignity and rights be damned when trump needs his ego inflated . what a fucking blight on our country .
removed
republicans are the natural development of those kids you know in elementary school whose response to everything is `` i 'm gon na sue you '' .
deleted
i from a state that didn ’ t expand medicaid . then , what happens ?
care to name some individual cases ?
how much does your gas cost a gallon ? edit : til people of this sub are offended by requesting gas prices . f
it seems perfectly feasible to not kill except in cases of war .
deleted
removed
and taking their guns away
i 'll have what he 's having ...
she won the popular vote by almost 3 million , destroyed trump in the exit polls , and lost the ec by about 70,000 votes across three states . it ’ s difficult to overstate how close that election was , and how suspicious it looks .
the republican national commitee appreciates your support .
never go full dragon ... stick to the plugs o ' proud one .
removed
& gt ; i find it interesting that this piece only mentions sanders a single time , when it is sanders who helped push the overton window back towards the true center , away from its lopsided , rightward tilt that it has taken since reagan ... probably coz his name is bernie sanders .
& gt ; immigrants you mean `` illegal immigrants '' ? or is it just `` illegals '' now ? the language of dehumanization has been working its way down for a while now .
go back to the nursing home grandpa joe . only the old boomers think you are relevant ; you 're not and it 's sad to see the lack of skill and tact play out in public .
i sincerely wish there was more i could do besides futilely try to protest for a week , then go homeless and moneyless . that 's literally how long they 'd have to wait me out .
removed
not that i agree with this asshole but , moses said , “ this is what the lord says : about midnight i will go out among the egyptians . every firstborn son in egypt will die , from the firstborn of pharaoh who rules the land , to the firstborn children of female slaves who use their handmills , including every firstborn domestic animal . there will be loud crying throughout egypt , such as there has never been or ever will be again . but where the israelites are , not even a dog will be startled by any person or animal .
removed
like when you have a failed negotiation , you execute your team . that 's just what it is to lead . it 's really like running a company . tuckerland sounds like the best place in the world .
deleted
removed
where ’ s bobby b when you need him
so why are you just sitting there ? go contact your local politician .
deconstructing the administrative state starting with the military ?
deleted
removed
removed
deleted
they have enough energy , thank you
deleted
wtf
removed
that sounds like a relatively proleft taking point . `` obama is kinda bad , but he was much nicer because he did n't permanently separate them '
i feel like she would n't have been mocked if she was quiet for being quiet . she did n't have to be standing there . if she was quiet she 'd be mocked by peoole saying `` why the hell are you even there '' , similarly to how they are know but not as bad because she did n't open her fucking mouth .
i 'm starting to see democrats as brothers in crime . if you let your leader do something like that and let the media justify it , and all you do is complain on reddit , you are guilty . if my leader was doing shit like that , i promise you i 'd be in the streets screaming every day . i 'd be afraid for my future and my children 's future .
whataboutism as an excuse for mass murder . how did we get to the point that the right in the us thinks they are oppressed if they are n't given a license to be just as shitty as the shittiest countries in the world ? are n't they supposedly the ones that argue morality is not subjective ? & gt ;
cody johnston is fucking amazing . so is katy stoll . guys should follow them on twitter and listen to their podcast as well as robert evans , `` it could happen here '' which is amazing .
responding to this comment because i want to ask if anyone in the fucking comments even listened to the clip presented in this article ? he says , at least 5 times , `` you ca n't defend nk , im not defending nk '' then goes on to say `` you need to be honest that nk isnt the only country committing atrocities '' and makes the clarification that he understands its not to the scale of nk . this guy makes one of the most reasonable statements i 've heard in a clip from fox on reddit and it gets bashed and twisted and contorted . ridiculous . i get its stylish to hate fox and co but be a reasonable person .
to quote the random fish man on spongebob squarepants : “ how many times do we have to teach you this lesson , old man ? ”
there 's no defending them , on the other hand ... & lt ; proceeds to defend them & gt ; . also saying a lot of countries commit atrocities including many of our allies is a fucking joke . yea , our shitty allies , like saudi arabia commit many atrocities . how many atrocities have the uk , france , and germany committed in the last 40 years ?
lately ? i ’ ve found them to be shit for years now
no it really is n't . he 's attempting to prove the point tucker stated with another country . i doubt the cia kills that many people though lmao .
oh my god save it for march
are you british perchance ?
deleted
closely followed by the `` minimum wage is n't supposed to be enough to live off of '' gambit .
god i hate fox news
you ’ re correct . i mean start in a more systematic way . it starts with the refugees being “ animals ” , next will be trump ’ s enemies , journalists , lawyers , political candidates .
removed
to be fair name one national leader that never had people killed . not like a mob boss but drone strikes , wars , military action , defensive agreements , national policies , or just by not addressing any of the above . i ’ ll wait . when you lead a nation the choices you make will eventually mean someone will be hurt even killed . that ’ s the basic thing carlson is saying . of course what he enthusiastically gets wrong is the fact many nations try somewhat not to be super oppressive killing regimes but he is hoping his audience doesn ’ t understand that
r/ihadastroke
what does anything you just said have to do with me or the subject we are discussing ?
so what you 're saying is it 's cool for presidents to kill people since everyone does it ?
they want to hide behind nazi germany to follow the same type of philosophy of nazi germany . it 's sick . it 's like christians who use their historical persecution avoid judgement for their persecution .
it 's not glib it may be slightly reductive . no one is ignoring the root of the problem . assuming that we are is offensive . the root of the problem is that we are living through late stages of capitalism where the system has been completely perverted to ensure that money flows extremely efficiently to those at the top . because trump voters are simpletons , imbeciles , cretins etc . they do n't value critical thought , they value dogma . they do n't value democracy , they value authoritarianism . they do n't value science , reason , expertise they value tribalism , nativism , and a toxic patriotism . they do n't invest in schools , they invest in prisons . they do n't blame automation , they blame brown people . they are racist scum under assault by technological shifts they are not capable of understanding who thump the bible while vilifying people with different color skin . i understand the problem i 'm just capable of reducing the previous paragraph to a 'glib ' caption .
also from staterun killings as well .
& gt ; any con law argument will be based around the commerce clause . lolkay buddy . this is how i know not to take you seriously .
what we need is an armed liberal militia to escort the doctors into these camps .
pyongyang tucker
i have been talking about this for over 15 years . i ca n't tell you how often i get called a selfhating jew . it dives me crazy that most american jews do not look at the situation with anything approaching a critical eye .
easy . you do n't . his whole thing is going lower when you try to stay high and telling anyone dumb enough to buy it you 're scared to debate him . so instead , just point out his `` winning . '' there 's no wall , illegal immigrants are still coming over , he 's still hated in polls and colleges , hillary is n't in jail he 's way closer to jail himself , and all those journalists he hates are still going strong . if you want to make it personal , point out how he went bankrupt in at least one casino despite being the house . his supporters wo n't be convinced , but who cares ? they 're just illiterate snowflakes who wan na play tough .
all you 're arguing is that some shit goes down easier than others .
sure , no sign of violence in the body . it was all inside : neurogical damage and then fell into a coma ... but north korea would n't have anything to do with that , they are not k own for causing harm to anyone ... the last sentence after the coma is sarcasm for those who have trump 's iq
while trafficking , selling and violent crimes while under the influence are separate and nuanced issues , general drug usage needs to become decriminalized . drug use is a health issue , not a criminal one . you wo n't help jennifer 's meth addiction by locking her in prison . you wo n't stop steve from being criminally neglectful to his daughter by putting him prison over heroin . chris and joanne were found high on mdma , lsd , and marijuana , the solution is to either drive them home or put them in a recreational drug use equivalent of a drunk tank so they can be safely monitored as they come down off the drugs , or even sleep it off ; maybe play them some hendrix or tool . how could prison possibly be the answer to chris and joanne ? for serious addiction the way to go is enforced rehab in a proper national rehabilitation hospital like the portuguese do which has shown signs of decreasing drug addiction . you should feel safe going to a doctor or a police officer and telling them you need help . they will take you to a rehab facility , which will be filled with doctors and nurses who are trained to help you with your addiction , your many probable relapses and maybe even send you to someone who can help you get a job afterwards . that 's how you help . that is how you treat it like a health problem .
and being a lying bartender is n't grounds for a political career , but here we are .
i make 135k a year and have been paying 800 a month for the last 5 years , my loan officer laughed at me when i went to go buy a house in cnj within my budget and i have a 800 credit score on top of crushing monthly debit due to student loans , property tax ruined any hope of buying something decent in a decent area for another year or two for my family
she ’ s a massively popular talkshow host that uses her fathers legacy as a platform to spout her garbage opinions it ’ s relevant because she ’ s been given a popular political platform on the back of her father do you have a fucking brain ?
i can not believe what i just read . he should be fired in all honesty
that is incredibly nice and well put . you made me feel a little bit better today .
they scared
what it actually allows is for trump to get duped into making concessions for nothing in return . which he already did the first time by stopping military exercises for absolutely nothing in exchange . two things are clear : trump is not very smart . and he does not have the best interests of this country at heart . he is doing whatever he thinks will look best for his legacy . and by doing so , he ’ s just bolstering north korea ’ s global image .
your personal messiah barrack killed plenty of people can we not get a thread fully of hypocrisy at least once in this sub ?
removed
one small step for man , killing a few people !
the more brutality is normalized , the easier it will be to accept .
& gt ; open borders riiiight
some old progressive jews too . ;
russia is an atheist white ethnostate . russia is more atheist than all first world university containing countries .
you probably said the same thing about trump running for president .
removed
lmfao ! ! nice thrash dude
lol , was not perfect ? the guy was a mass murderer all across the world . what part of what tucker said was incorrect ? sounds like the only rationalizing i see is with you and obama .
how does that make sense ? you guys want to retain your guns just so that you can defend yourself against the government trying to kill you , and now you 're telling me that it 's acceptable for the government to kill some of you .
that 's an odd nonsequitur that is also accurate , in that , it really should be done despite your sarcasm
deleted
this fucking hypocrite and hannity railed against obama at the mere suggestion of talking with north korea , for weeks !
removed
you can say bad words on cable , but since radio waves are considered a scarce resource only so many wavelengths then the state had to regulate it and then it became political . but again , that ’ s very different from being arrested for an opinion . i think you ’ re being purposely obtuse because you ’ re losing the argument . you can ’ t deny that america has more freedom of speech than any country on earth .
uneducated is a better concept , we can work with that .
removed
30 years of consistency , 30 years of fighting for the poor and the working class , 30 years of morality , 30 years of speeches : bernie sanders in 9 minutes of course it 's actually over 45 years .
north korea executes people by strapping them to antiaircraft cannons . literally hitting them point blank with cannons designed to take out bombers . imagine being strapped to the front of one of these things and watching people next to you and in front of you being blown up by them and knowing you 're next . according to fucker carlson this is no big deal .
no . fucking . way .
that 's what i 'm saying it 's not a right like the inailiable rights , but it is something to be expected of a society . like roads or the police or national defense . is should be an expected facet of government . but it 's not a right because it depends on society .
trump is n't encouraging them to make a dangerous journey . several hundred die every year before they reach the us border and that 's been going on for decades . not everything is america 's and trump 's fault .
that 's not what ad hominem means . and if i presumed wrong and you do donate all of your free time and disposable income to providing healthcare to needy people in third world countries , please correct me . otherwise , can you not answer the question ? if needy people have a right to healthcare paid for by more fortunate people , and that right extends to people living in developing countries , do n't those people have a right to your disposable income , which they can use to buy malaria vaccines , hiv medication , etc . ?
which is a bit ironic , because if we ever got to that point they would be cut off at the knees like every other private broadcasting company . but like every other corporation in america , they only care about the next quarterly report .
are you always so binary in your thinking ? there seems to be a fundamental disconnect between your interpretation of this bill and the people calling for it to be passed ; the very descendants of those massacred . what would motivate these native americans to `` delete '' _their own_ history , one they are still reeling from today ? they are simple calling for proper acknowledgement in its proper context , lest you believe genocidal maniacs are worthy of the medal of honor , worthy of being revered with america 's highest and most prestigious military decoration . seems like your line of thought is very much on par with those who say removing confederate monuments to avowed white supremacists from public grounds is `` deleting history '' , which is ironic considering the vast majority of people whose ancestors suffered brutally at the hands of the confederacy want these monuments gone and justifiably so . so i guess i question _your_ peculiar motives for wanting these men to remain on the honor rolls of that medal , because your argument that this is `` erasing history '' just does n't pass the sniff test for historical accuracy . seems you 're more content with the revisionism currently at play , the same revisionism this bill seeks to correct . edit : a few words
fucking clown shoes
what ’ s he wrong about ?
it finally happened , he flew over the cuckoos nest .
glad you ’ re honest about thinking nurses are overpaid . encourage your candidate to run on that message .
nor is being a failed businessman and reality tv star .
ooh buddy do i have some bad news for you about polysci 101 .
does n't even try to clarify specifically whom he 's referring to as being necessary to die . is he making reference to otto warmbier ?
so it 's cool then .
i can never decide if they ’ re pretending to be that stupid or really are . it boggles the mind .
the reality of what she is has to live somewhere in her mind , like the eye of sauron peering from within mordor . publicly , no she dgaf . but at night , when no one is around , when she 's alone with herself , she knows what she is . wealth and power ca n't fix that .
& gt ; the report points out that the information given to russia by mannafort helped them target states that were toss up do you have a source for that one ? manafort was in contact with deep state operatives so who lnows . either way trump destroyed hillary in the ec , it wasnt even close .
the donald will be crushed in a debate with bernie , because chickens never survive long around men named `` sanders '' !
this is why the presidency is always filled with someone with not much of a voting record .
but trump ’ s spoiled daughter hasn ’ t finished playing diplomacybarbie yet !
and you can go back to bitching about being `` extorted '' for loans you signed up for and knew the terms for up front .
so this is making america great again ? traveling on our dime blowing dictators around the world ?
go to here you can look up which companies have which government contracts . geo has the contracts for many detention facilities they do prisons , immigration detention , youth detention , youth homes , nursing rehabilitation centers . about 98,000 resident beds . average day rates per bed any where from 76.00 per day to 110.00 per day . they made 2.33 billion in reported revenue in 2018 . there is no financial reason for poor living conditions for the people in your care when you make billions a year as a company . edit typo and accuracy .
make like a tree and kill a few people .
so you tell me that homes are too expensive . i inform you that you have options lie fha loans and other firsttime home owner incentives . you respond `` homes still cost alot sic of money . '' yeah sorry bud but i think you 're just looking for excuses here . i 'm not trying to be mean to you here . houses do n't grow on trees .
i mean , if we ’ re politicizing the department of justice ...
i am not a castro supporter . beto signaled that he would not even undo trump 's family separation policy . i have a problem with that .
removed
removed
shifts doing what ? what have you done to fight this . watching a ship burn doesn ’ t stop it from burning . i ’ m not mad at you , i ’ m mad i have no idea how to help .
nah democrats have the capacity to be critical against their own officials . fuck obama for drones strikes and expanding the surveillance state
deleted
removed
i know exactly how my mom 's father would react . he served in wwii and the korean war . he would be absolutely furious that anyone had the gall to call themselves an american who supported this current regime of facists . he was a true blooded conservative who faced down two of the worst wars we 've fought to preserve democracy . even hearing someone on the news supporting such hate would have sent him into a tirade . he died a proud man who served , and raised a 11 member family on the belief that that we are all made equal in the eyes of god , and no one , no one has the right to take that away , and was willing to die to prove it .
removed
it 's justification for saudi arabia and khashoggi , putin and murdered journalists .
removed
again , pressure and compression ratio are two different things . alot of techs get that wrong .
it 's been the top propaganda in t\_d lately . it 's hilarious how 'on point ' all the russian messaging is . there are several posts about trump being such a 'winner ' shaking hands with kim jong un .
this is what fascists actually believe .
what 's funny is at the beginning of trump 's presidency , leftists were freaking out saying he 's gon na start a war with north korea . now he is trying to be diplomatic with them and he 's the bad guy . what is he supposed to do ? ignore them , nuke them , or try to change their ways in a peacefully ?
these people are just proisrael .
i 'll leave this quote here from the article since people want to only read this headline and stay uninformed of the entire quote . funny that they chop it into pieces to make this clickbait headline . “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr carlson added “ but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with . ”
& gt ; why did she cave ? because that is what centrists do . their donors pay them to let republicans have their way . republicans do not `` reach across the isle . '' only democrats do that when their donors support republican positions .
the only millennial homeowners i know are getting roommates to help pay the mortgage . we 're so fucked
removed
imagine if 1 % more people voted ...
democrats want a war with north korea so they can convince everyone trump is a warmonger fucking hilarious
it 's spelled 'papist ' .
removed
this is disgusting , and very unwise . trump is giving power to north korea .
glad to know that human rights violations are okay as long as everyone else is doing it .
i can tell you 100 % for certain if my friends were going out and killing people just to “ get things done ” as tucker is implying , i would absolutely not be friends with them anymore .
in group and out group bonding causes people to assign different levels of insult to the same action . through constant misinformation across multiple channels , this characteristic has been amplified . people were constantly told they were under threat of living under obama as a dictator and they would much rather be ruled by their synthetic `` tribe '' .
it ’ s been way worse this last election . this purity test is bullshit and people bring it up or divide us . if it did matter hypothetically , which it doesn ’ t , and harris became the vp she ’ d have almost zero input in what warren has planned . warren sets the agenda . don ’ t let bullshit like this split is apart . no excuse this time around .
well , the legitimacy of the government stems from its ability to kill you . so , it 's kinda machiavellian to say , but if the government never imprisoned or killed those that stood up to it , more people would stand up to it .
here we go again . he 's being hillary 'd .
oh u hard man
serial killers are just misunderstood leaders ! /s
bernie has had the same message and goals for decades . he would be so fired up if he won that after all these decades he might actually be able to accomplish his life work . if that 's not enough of a motivator , i do n't know what is . plus . old peolle dont need as much sleep
a complaint ? got emt
removed
hasta la vista , killing a few people !
ahh ... at this point my opinion would break the rules , so you go keep comparing trump to adolf hitler .
thanks for the hot take , 2montholdaccount .
it 's crazy to sit and remember that people were pining for biden to join the race to spare us hillary
and their interest in having kids .
& gt ; honestly , i think that the whole `` mocking a gay person '' thing has not been socially acceptable since the mid to late 90 's . i do n't believe this for one second .
you 're literally proving my point . he did n't defend it ... then favorably compared it to us actions and allies to normalize it when he says `` leading a country means killing people . '' `` he 's not defending it he 's only saying it 's just as bad as what our friends do . '' that is not a proper and even logical conversation to entertain .
really ? seemed like progressive dems didn ’ t even want to vote on their own proposals with the green new deal when it went up for vote in congress ... how exactly does that make them good negotiators , exactly ?
she ordered her law enforcement officers to wear body cams the first in california and then said , that one size does n't fit all when it comes to law enforcement agencies across the state . one of the issues i remembered being discussed is that smaller police departments are n't funded to handle or hold the tons of video they 'd collect from their officers in their daytoday encounters .
removed
deleted
pancakes and maple killing people
removed
the mexican gangs and drug cartel 's would welcome them with open arms , freshly picked flowers , cold ice tea and andrea bocelli playing joyful melodies to warm everyone 's hearts .
not enough , you 're still eating cheesy puffs in your underwear typing from your confortable chair . you understand that it wo n't change unless you do something real about it . ready for another 4 years ?
removed
you had me for a minute there .
bingo
trump got elected because he 's so fucked that he 's unfucking the republicans . the guy your talking about is near 50 . yes career politicians are absolute shit wall to wall . the fast that trust fund trump is surviving at all is a testament to how preferable the business world is to `` career campaigning '' .
liberal militias should step up and escort these doctors into these facilities .
“ biden , you disgust me. ” “ ah , so you ’ ve discussed me . ”
\ & gt ; not on the scale that the north koreans do & amp ; # x200b ; \ & gt ; suggesting they are n't worse than us & amp ; # x200b ; can you even fucking read ? & amp ; # x200b ; lmao
isn ’ t tucker carlson a millionaire owned by billionaires ?
removed
your dailystormer fanclub battle cry sounds gaspingforair desperate .
why ? the point is that our military , with all its technological might , can not bring a third world country of 35 million people to its knees .
removed
he 's the stepson of an millionaire heiress . even if he failed at life he would still be living in the lap of luxury just by nature of being the right crotch goblin .
& gt ; carlson is anti war sure he is
dunno about a blanket claim of incompetence . barr sure seems to know what he 's doing transforming white house obstruction of justice into white house+doj obstruction . chao seems to be exceptionally capable at shoveling federal money towards kentucky . it 's a good thing postmaster general is no longer a cabinet post , or trump and pmg would have found a way to charge recipients for junk mail deliveries .
my wife and i both have student loan debt , and we had a bankruptcy on our record . we were able to get a house with a usda loan ; however , there were a few things that helped us : 1 . we were lucky enough to have fairly good paying jobs in an area where the cost of living is relatively low small town in texas . that 's rare , especially for millennials , and especially for millennials living in small towns . 2 . our bankruptcy was far enough out that the underwriters did n't have that much of an issue with it . 3 . being that it 's a usda loan , we did n't have to put down a downpayment but it was instead rolled into our loan and we have a 900ish a month mortgage . something , again , we 're lucky enough to afford for the above reason . 4 . our student loan debt was much much less than others , in part because neither of us finished college , and got out of it before we got too far deep into the debt hole . for someone like us , we were able to do it but we were also dealing with a specific set of circumstances . probably the most significant of which is that neither of us like living in the city or the suburbs and prefer small towns , which definitely is n't the case for most people our generation though that is changing slightly . property values where most young people are tend to be insane and get even more insane as the years go on , and that happens to also be where all the good jobs are . with all the factors in place as it is , student loan debt is one of the major things holding people back because it 's by far the largest and most onerous debt that you can have you ca n't discharge it , you have to pay it back , the interest rates are sometimes wildly insane and the student loan companies are persistent bordering on being unethical . plus is the plain fact that if you have this kind of albatross , you 're going to be discourage from taking on any sort of debt , much less a longterm debt like purchasing a house . most of the first time homebuyer programs are restrictive , in terms of what you can actually buy , come with a lot of firey hoops that you have to jump through and are n't compatible with really getting anyone in a home in an efficient , responsible manner . we got ours , like i said , with a usda program but that only works if you live in a rural area . even using that program was a pain in the ass ; there were several houses we loved but it did n't qualify because of one or two for all intents and purposes cosmetic issues with the house .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
removed
daily wire is also deliberately mischaracterizing aoc 's remark as a comparison to the holocaust . this lie makes it a lot easier for propagandists to refute aoc 's comparison because there any number of 'witnesses ' they can trot out as 'evidence ' to support their attacks . holocaust survivors being among that number . trotting out a single dissenter/witness and insisting that particular individual 's opinion represents the norm is another of the right wing propagandists ' favorite tactics . this is the same old stupid fuckery as always from li ' l bencel .
he also accuses the left of warmongering . which is dumb because trump exceeded obama 's drone strikes . but that 's not all . he nixed reporting on civilian and enemy casualties . tucker , stroking trump 's ego like he 's a goddamn messiah for calling off an air strike last minute . tucker is a bullshit artist . you can look at his fox news videos and they all read like blatant propaganda . he 's not a journalist , he does n't report the news , he 's a talking mouth who 's only use is demagoguing . edit : a letter , typing from my phone .
removed
do you have any concept of the reverse not having employerbased insurance , not qualifying for medicaid , not being able to afford anything on the marketplace ? let me break out my violin for y'all . & gt ; ... elizabeth warren ... 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
i did .
fuck tucker , tucker sucks
if you want power , you kill your enemies . every country has done that . name me a country that did it peacefully ? if you want to conquer you kill you 're enemies that are trying to stop you . that is how countries are made , you do n't like it , well good luck finding a place that does n't have horrible history . tucker never defended them , he is stating that north korea is n't different like other nations that america is getting along with . roosevelt must of been an atrocious president working with stalin . but he made peace to kill off the nazi 's . at that time .
and who are these biden supporters ? i don ’ t know anyone that ’ s wants biden .

not doubting you , but where is that reported ? do you have a source on that ? trying to stay as objective as i can .
it 's not surreal . it 's further evidence that trump is in decline and needs a 24/7 babysitter . for all we know , she might be the only person he reliably recognises and listens to . lord knows he says enough nonsense that this theory is as believable as any other .
removed
i follow aoc but this is really nothing to hang her coat on . this video is like a big nothing burger . if she want 's to move on and taken seriously instead of appearing sarcastic for no apparent reason , aoc should apologize . i mean she runs the risk of being labeled that snarky passive aggressive person no one takes seriously .
why do you support terrorists who threaten to murder state police ?
& gt ; “ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world , ” mr carlson said during the phone interview on fox news . & gt ; “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . & gt ; mr carlson described the international attitude towards kim jon un as “ a kind of dorm room stance : ‘ oh they ’ re so mean ! ’ ” & gt ; the commentator dismissed such attitudes as “ kind of silly and stupid and not helpful ” . & gt ; “ in the end what maters is what ’ s good for the united states and you deal with bad people a lot of the time in order to help your own country , ” he said . & gt ; “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr carlson added “ but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with. ” what the actual fuck
no no no , i 'm not going to let your brain try to weasel out of that , he was not talking about north korea relations . you can go back through his statement and you can confirm that he was talking about the benefits of a nation killing citizens of its own nation , the comment was nothing about supporting said actions for the sake of diplomacy between nations . where did you pick up your interpretation ? : because when you go back to find it and it is n't there i want you to try and carefully realise you are experiencing cognitive dissonance .
looking at trump , losing them apparently is .
this is r/politics , odds have the majority of the them have been removed from here along time ago
we can support both at the same time because we print our own money . if we need it , we can just make it . when talking about the government , money does grow on trees .
deleted
what are your thoughts on ors 166.065 : harrasment ? reproduced in part here : & gt ; 1 a person commits the crime of harassment if the person intentionally : & gt ; & gt ; c subjects another to alarm by conveying a telephonic , electronic or written threat to inflict serious physical injury on that person or to commit a felony involving the person or property of that person or any member of that person ’ s family , which threat reasonably would be expected to cause alarm . & gt ; & gt ; 2 a a person is criminally liable for harassment if the person knowingly permits any telephone or electronic device under the person ’ s control to be used in violation of subsection 1 of this section . & gt ; & gt ; 4 notwithstanding subsection 3 of this section , harassment is a class a misdemeanor if a person violates : & gt ; & gt ; c subsection 1 c of this section and : & gt ; & gt ; d i the person conveyed a threat to kill the other person or any member of the family of the other person ; & gt ; & gt ; ii the person expressed the intent to carry out the threat ; and & gt ; & gt ; iii a reasonable person would believe that the threat was likely to be followed by action . & gt ; & gt ; 7 a as used in this section : & gt ; & gt ; a “ electronic threat ” means a threat conveyed by electronic mail , the internet , a telephone text message or any other transmission of information by wire , radio , optical cable , cellular system , electromagnetic system or other similar means .
when this is all over , how do we deal with these people ?
let ’ s compare : both graduated cum laude with a degree in economics ivanka graduated from upenn rank # 8 , # 1 business school aoc graduated from bu rank # 42 ivanka has worked for several large businesses and served on the board of 100 women in hedge funds . she has dabbled in entrepreneurship as well although her brand was eventually shut down aoc worked as a bartender after she graduated in 2011 , drawing no real success from her publishing endeavors that she worked on in her spare time . that ’ s it . she went from bartender to becoming famous for suggesting the most radical and insane bill proposed in recent history . neither are all that qualified , with the slight edge to ivanka . that said , aoc is extremely hypocritical in making this judgement . she is wildly unqualified herself and her plans show just that . reddit is filled with people who are ravenous to jump on the neck of trump or anyone on the right , but will turn a blind eye to the dangerous environment we ’ ve created to allow someone with asinine logic like aoc to maintain the spotlight without question . shame on all of you .
pressing x on this one chief .
google marxism and communism , look at the death count , then get back to me
then please do everyone a favor and move there .
just so i understand , we both agree that private enterprise does not exist for the government ’ s plunder ; right ? and the 1520 % observation does not really address my question , who is “ rich , ” who decides and why on earth should jeff bezos and amazon ’ s shareholders pay for someone ’ s poor educational decisions that will not allow for the individual to pay their own debts ? i don ’ t care how much money the selfmade rich have , and i don ’ t care how the selfinflicted poor got that way . me being responsible to finance someone else ’ s education because that person made poor personal choices , should also not be “ a thing. ” i ’ m not sure how you determined trump has paid no taxes , but yeah , let ’ s say for arguments sake that is true , that further proves that the tax code is broken , and if our president exploited the laws lawfully , we need to change the law . he ’ s not the only one .
the cartoonist should n't have been fired . also this : & gt ; j.d . irving , limited and new brunswick inc. are owned by canadian billionaire james k. irving . tyrell suggested that de adder was let go because irving did n't want to jeopardize his `` considerable corporate interests in the united states , '' given that trump `` punishes those who appear to oppose him . '' assuming that 's true , that 's pretty weak imo . the point of freedom of the press is to have the ability to write anything critical of those in power without feat of retribution .
you should see dailykos . they hate him more than they hate trump . it ’ s ridiculous .
he 's a nazi . they all look like that .
`` so there 's no defending it . '' & gt ; proceeds to defend it
deleted
her ?
for republicans , it does . see the border .
i ca n't imagine how embarrassed i 'd be if i were caught changing my story like they do . i honestly wonder how they face their families after ...
if the state was not permitted to kill or cage people , no one would ever pay a tax .
this just means that the democrat nominee will be able to hold a townhall meeting as those debates . as in , nominee shows up , trump does not . gives the nominee as much uninterrupted time to answer questions will especially be good when taken from the public
removed
making busing extremely long was just the way racist school districts maliciously complied with the federal mandate . in escambia county white students who were busses ended up at the nearest black school , while black students who were bussed were sent across the entire county . it was worth it though , had i been stuck in the small k12 school for black kids in atmore , i 'd have never had the resources to get into the naval academy and out of alabama . a long bus ride meant nothing in exchange for the opportunity i was given . i did n't see it that way at the time however , i was just a kid who had go to school with stuck up white kids who i did n't like . my grandmother did n't like it either , she was constantly concerned with what would happen if i were to be used as a scapegoat or get into any trouble deep in the heart of the parts of alabama that i did not belong in .
he effectively said , i 'm not racist , but ...
i 'm a republican , albeit on the liberal side , and i think trump is a vile human being and that the entire base that support him are either completely delusional or completely ignorant of the truth . i will be voting democrat in 2020 .
so sad that it takes a court order for people to do the right thing .
deleted
how would you know ; you said you didn ’ t read it ? also , i made it clear he has flaws , but you perpetuating one that is a completely false narrative isn ’ t helping anyone . my tone aside , i find it more offensive that people perpetuate false information as if it were truth . and when someone tries to advise you that it is incorrect , your answer is “ i ’ m not reading that ” so you would rather continue to spread misinformation and then criticize anyone who goes against your point ... but i ’ m toxic . look , you ’ re entitled to your opinion on the internet ; but that ’ s all it is an opinion . it becomes more substantial when you have more information to base your opinion on . the last thing you should do is spread your opinion as gospel , and then reject any information that contradicts your already hardened confirmation bias . lastly , castro was an asshole by trying to bury his friend who had done yeoman ’ s work to advocate for castro and his brother , and he alienated himself to a ton of texas democrats who still solidly follow beto o ’ rourke . o ’ rourke has countless times used in his campaigns that one of his most important aspects he strives for is to rise above the pettiness , division , and negativity of other candidates ... .castro ’ s boorish behavior by interrupting o ’ rourke which never gave him a chance to answer the question that was asked of him , by the way is exactly what we as democrats don ’ t need . and yet , you claim i ’ m toxic ? ? you ’ re applauding the behavior of the type of person who would choose to behave the same as trump and the gop would . castro could have calmly made his point to being in contrast to o ’ rourke ’ s when his time to answer his own question came up but he chose instead to interrupt his good friend and step all over him . but i ’ m “ toxic ” ... .
and her boss ' boss ' girlfriend .
same shit as 2016 .
but it ’ s okay for presidents to kill people so long as you like them right
you 're right . i 'm just pissed off . it 's the same part of me that wants brexit to noticeably destroy us here in the uk during a tory leadership so the idiots that voted for this can finally well and truly lie in the bed they made , and see that they fucking made that bed for everyone .
deleted
removed
deleted
& gt ; who meet thanks to republicans dishonestly supporting her in the primary specifically just to ensure that a crazy person who doesn ’ t have any real support in the democratic party gets on to the stage , even though they have no intention of actually voting for her or any democrat in the general election . so , yes you think it ’ s cool that republicans lie and cheat to troll democrats .
i 've come to see `` selfhating jew '' as an analogue to `` nlover . ''
there 's a difference between `` your choices might get people killed '' and `` you are having your enemies executed by feeding them to a pack of vicious dogs . ''
deleted
if at first you do n't succeed , try try killing a few people .
but obama agreed with tucker in application though .
by out of context i mean that the clip as a whole was just a short piece of what he said on the matter . he didn ’ t just put that out , there were words after that weren ’ t and the headline was written to be outrageous to generate clicks . the headline makes the attempt to sell the clip as as simply “ tucker supports nk killing people ” clear . this is an attempt to make the discussion less sophisticated and more outrageous for profit . any response to the main point ?
nonhalal steaks , most likely .
okay , but senator harris politely gave him an out on the debate stage when she asked if he still stood by that as a good policy today . biden doubled down and did not mention anything close to what you said , nor did he admit it was the wrong decision despite being what his constituents wanted . instead , he turned it into a states ' rights issue , which is horrible to do as a democrat running in 2019 .
jesus , everyone involved with the trumps are stupid and worthless as hell .
xi jinping and vladimir putin would like to know your location
removed
he honestly has been slurring quite a bit
that ’ s what i mean tho , he shouldn ’ t have such an enormous step up on life for something entirely devoid of merit .
& gt ; “ i ’ m 100 percent murdoch ’ s bitch , ” carlson said . “ whatever mr. murdoch says , i do . … i would be honored if he would cane me the way i cane my workers , my servants . ”
take care of your mental health , but we are going to need all hands on deck for the 2020 election . stay healthy and keep strong ! we 'll get through this together .
she was in a conversation with world leaders , how do you not see that .
no one is surprised , republicans are just looking for a reason to kill people who are n't like them . black , gay , mulsim , atheist , etc .
removed
deleted
i am certain ivanka got into wharton on merit alone , same as her father . i bet she also earned her job at the trump organization based on her qualifications , rather than nepotism .
& gt ; the only rights that matter are listed in the us constitution . as a nonusian , i 'll obviously disagree with that and prefer our charter of fundamental rights and freedoms instead . but it 's of course perfectly plausible that usians are being screwed .
and how bizarre is the other guys comment saying that it 's weird that people are outraged about someone encouraging or supporting killing their own citizens ? when did that become a controversial opinion to become upset about ? it 's such a copy paste statement .
good for you . now what if they decided to change it to cut costs or you lost your job . what would you do then ?
especially when they turn around and defend their actions in the next sentenc .
being a sheep story of your life , really .
live , laugh , killing a few people
& gt ; i can ’ t tell you why . . . . . . and would n't even if i had a tenth of a clue what the reason was .
i r reddit and i hate trump . i see a lot of hate here and i did n't vote for him either but some of you all really got hard on for hating him and his wife .
republicans are generally hypocrites anyway , so who cares what they say ? i ’ ve given up on them as a whole being able to be reasoned with . there are some good ones but the well is poisoned . the genuine ones should just break away and start a new party .
those were your words not mine .
let 's grant everything you just said . cool that nk kills its own citizens ?
and ? he said exactly what the headline says . the rest of it changes nothing .
because no knowledgeable person would take it over using the court system . with forced arbitration , they can rip you off for small amounts of money because it will be cheaper for you to pay than to go to arbitration . with a court case though , you could form a class action and then you could equitably resolve the issue . in addition , they pick the arbitrator and often the location . the company they hire to handle arbitration will rule in their favor because they don ’ t want to lose the business this is well documented . finally , the findings from arbitration are secret , unlike a court case . forced arbitration is a travesty of justice and the supreme court ruled it ’ s perfectly legal .
you ’ re right , i left that out because i didn ’ t want to associate them with the last group of republicans that did the same thing : the underground railroad
deleted
tell that to john boehner .
removed
removed
it is not my concoction , but yes , it is glorious
castro
does that really matter
hi ` utgardlokisson ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your comment has been removed for the following reason s : your comment does not meet our comment civility rules . please be civil . if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
why do y ’ all keep bouncing around ?
the fact that this is the normal from someone who works at fox news is incredibly worrying . 5 years ago this comment would cause outrage and get him fired , now its just a normal comment ... .
“ immoral , unethical , and divisive ways ” and you were gon na vote for hillary . now thats some shit .
his supporters are a lost cause . we need to motivate new voters to vote democrat
the article is specifically about wealth tax . soros and disney are calling for a wealth tax . $ 1m is just too low of a number to start taxing .
when he says `` leading a country means killing people '' he 's normalizing the nk regime .
i am impressed actually . i ’ m surprised he didn ’ t become the first sitting president to drive a golf cart into the dmz .
is n't there an editorial review board ? who signed off publishing the cartoon ? if anyone should be fire , should n't it the person who made the decision to publish ?
removed
surreal because it shouldn ’ t be happening . real because our reality is surreal now .
well , my freudian slip of the week is accidentally saying north carolina while reading this off to my father who 's sitting next to me . though i 'm sure tucker would defend them too .
deleted
you 'd like buttigeg 's plan then
removed
i understand what you mean but looking at the audience at a trump rally , i ’ ll have to politely disagree .
have you ever been on medicaid ?
make america great again , killing a few people .
bbbbuuuttt obama
wait till they get infected with `` the truth '' and turn rabid . that 's when the problem will really bubble over .
dems do n't like to be seen as being mean .
i 'm not calling the man that . i 'm just saying that i keep it short on the sides too , but i do n't play that long on top bullshit because it looks dumb . and even if i wanted that , my barber would say no
yes , surely the constitutional right that restricts the government is how one goes after private industry . that is the serious take .
i do donate some money , just not so much that i live on the poverty line . for the remainder i don ’ t donate , as i stated above , it ’ s because i ’ m a little selfish . the doctor does get to be selfish . i ’ m not advocating for them lowering their salary . i ’ m simply advocating for taxes to be used to pay their salaries .
deleted
yeah , i1639 has the dumb definition of `` semiauto assault rifle '' , which also includes rimfires . the phrasing is dumb but the inclusion of rimfires is ridiculous imo .
where are all those crazy snipers when you need them ? the us could use a sniper wave right about now ...
q . what do you call one nazi at a table and 10 other people sitting there talking to him ? a . 11 nazis .
removed
there it is , the gop 's intentions for the people of our country !
“ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it ”
removed
oh for fucks sake . you got me there . yeah i got that wrong .
heh , yeah that 's pretty much me . luckily i know someone who likes to grow a batch every so often .
this is a classic dccc/dnc establishment tactic . if they pulled all the shit they did with bernie in 16 there is no low the dems wo n't stoop to , to nominate their 'chosen candidate ' perhaps crowdfund a working microphone for mr yang ?
when the bar is on the floor , it ’ s easy to fall over top of it and pretend you jumped .
& gt ; the root of the problem is that we are living through late stages of capitalism well , yes and no . you dont really need capitalism to have simpletons lapping up dear leaders bullshit
removed
yes , exactly so . but more than that , they by which i mean , the elite and the ruling class receive economic and military benefits from china and russia by allowing themselves to be an actor in their proxy wars against the west . the us has a stronghold in the democratic ally of south korea . that means we have a military presence there , which means we can keep an eye on china . china does not want to directly oppose and confront the us , which would escalate tensions and make them more costly . so , instead , they use north korea to scare people and then have north korea make demands that china and russia wants them to make ; namely , for the us to leave south korea , and hope that those threats will compel the people of the us to be scared into demanding their government leave .
she has as much education and experience as paul ryan did to get elected .
what 's the rest of the quote tho ?
22 % 24 % income , 7.24 % payroll , 7.24 % employer mfa won ’ t increase income tax for middle class but would increase payroll by 4 % and employer by 11 % that hike would be passed onto employees via lower wages .
leading a communist country sure involves killing people , lots of people .
removed
removed
good for him
who are we to believe : a popular cartoonist or a corporate news outlet ?
yeah , we all know daddy paid her way into wharton ... as a transfer student . lmao .
`` to be clear , w assassinated us citizens , obama assassinated us citizens , and trump did too '' i do n't see names .
if i was a hospital administrator , could i claim that it 's against my religion to employ people that put their religious beliefs above patient wellbeing , and then use that to just systematically fire anyone that refuses to provide medical care for their moral reasons on the spot ? i 'd do that .
gon na read this story , and i 'm gon na bet $ 5 y'all are mischaracterizing him like you always do . edit inbound . edit : anyone got the full clip , cause i actually can not find it . they cut out some of the conversation . edit 2 : ca n't find actually find the full vids , but from what an article said they were talking about in the context the conversation is basically : `` trump should n't make peace with nk because they have done terrible things . '' and tucker , making a very poor choice of words for a less poor argument , is saying , `` all governments have done shitty things . we ca n't let that prevent us from trying to make peace . '' which is a very long conversation that nobody here wants to have . you know how i know ? because this is a `` gotcha '' moment . this is n't `` your argument is genuinely bad '' , its `` ah , you said something stupidly ! ''
recall the thread : `` we should not use the trump administration going batshit crazy to normalize obama 's drone strikes , but we also should n't use obama 's drone strikes to somehow rationalize anything happening right now as , `` ok because obama did it too . '' '' you are capable of criticizing both .
lol put your soapbox away , you drama queen . state violence will increase as political stability decreases . acknowledging that macrosocietal truth does n't mean i 'm siding with any of the players involved .
what 's the whole quote ?
christian conservatives should be for universal health care and open borders .
of course all the comments that show how this is a deceptive and misleading headline are downvoted into oblivion . you guys claim to want the truth all the time , then proceed to stomp on it the second it goes against your narrative . hypocrites .
you are mistaken . the republicans only were able to use the nuclear option for gorsuch because reid got rid of it so the democrats could ram through obama ’ s slate of crazy circuit judges at the time , mcconnell warmed reid that he would regret it , and that it would come back to haunt him . which it did as for blue slips , the democrats invented using them for purely obstructive purposes , so they go what they deserved .
`` look , benghazi had to happen ! you ca n't lead a country without breaking a few eggs ! ''
removed
removed
oh no , boomboombassethound found a typo , how will i ever recover ? : '
if you prick me , do i not killing a few people
if at first you do n't succeed try killing a few people
it 's patently absurd to claim that there is any kind of equality between claims that obama was born in kenya , a racist theory with no evidence , and claims that trump coordinated with russia to be elected , which donald jr already admitted that he attempted to do .
i 'm shocked at the evangelical christians that defend president trump embracing north korea 's because of the hundreds of thousands of christians that have been kim jung un 's victims for years . why is n't the righteous tucker carlson educating his audience on kim jung un 's history involving people who share his audience 's faith in god in north korea ?
dont burn yourself on that hot take bud
deleted
you went full townhall . _never_ go full townhall .
ok fine , it ’ s an inalienable right of people in societies with the ability to provide those services .
of course they would . they ’ re the people who benefit the most , absolutely . but people 400600 or 100,000 % of that don ’ t need to be part of the $ 3 trillion dollar expenditure for nothing , and people less than that need more . no one should be below the poverty line .
he tweeted , and said he 's doing great and work is pouring in , it was a `` setback '' and not a `` deathblow '' .
and if it 's you ?
& gt ; uniformed do you mean uniformed , or uninformed ? i do n't wear uniforms when i go to the range , maybe i should if i want to shoot quicker ...
what ’ s your opinion on her pictures faking outrage about ‘ concentration camps ’ while she was just looking at an empty car park .
do n't be absurd . they are n't nazi 's , they are american fascists . its similar , but astonishingly somehow more stupid .
removed
removed
deleted
just stop the bad faith talking points . americans love bernie . he is still the most popular senator in america .
uh , what ?
most transparent administration ever ! /s
little hostile no ?
and if it 's you ?
i mean , tax revenue is used to pay for the infrastructure and services needed for an organisation like amazon and its employees to function . to have to support all that at a multibillion dollar deficit is a liability for the surrounding communities . i 'll give you that a child might not know that but you should .
removed
maybe you can write six more chapters about how deleting things is n't deleting things . you 're clearly incapable of comprehending anything i 've written . have a great life
ha . like tucker can feel shame .
god i hope our descendants eventually live in a world where everyone has been so “ mixed ” with so many different races they eventually everyone has a very similar skin color . all this talk about who is what race just gets in the way of useful conversation and problem solving .
removed
sure , although that 's a halfmeasure at best . vote in the primaries , by all means but what we really need to do is get rid of the myth that the democratic party is a progressive institution . the more people realize that the dnc is not acting in our interests that they ca n't be trusted with the political power we 've signed over to them the easier it 'll be to organize alternative power structures . we need to rebuild genuine working class political power if we want to survive .
most americans did not approve of interracial marriage 40 years ago .
removed
nope , i do n't think the orange shitgibbon thinks of the national guard one bit . my point is that not having a sec def has ramifications beyond just the obvious in the news . national guard members are not being called up on short notice . they are on preset rotations but not having orders signed in advance denies families benefits they are entitled to by federal law because this administration ca n't even get basic paperwork handled . the sec def office ca n't even do basic deployment and promotion paperwork routing anymore . if these incompetent transients ca n't even route paperwork properly , how can we expect them to handle actual real problems or national defense decisions ? ? ? we ca n't .
removed
because he kept on talking over beto when he tried to , and did n't let him explain . he definitely opposes the family separation policy . he just has a more sensible plan for doing so .
no . no it doesn ’ t
it is definitely harder , but there are millenials buying homes
so ... saying “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . '' means hes defending it ? ok. lol you obviously dont understand journalistic framing or the meaning of context . i implore you enlightened one . find me a nation that has n't killed people .
well then let send tucker the dumbass carlson to n.korea to live for a few years
this is a joke , right ?
aoc is an embarrassment for the american people .
stop giving this little shit space in the front page
lagarde gives may a doubletake then looks at slutrump like , “ who the fuck are you ? ” it ’ d be funnier if they just spoke french .
chris hedges
removed
she kinda reminds me of sharpae from high school musical
is that the reason the us idolizes their military ? as a european i never understood this worship of the military veterans like they are holy . `` thanks for your service '' is something you would never hear in europe . it 's all so surreal . why ca n't we all realise that we are just all people trying to have a nice life ?
lol this is only going to prompt her to run officially for office sometime in the distant future , and it will be eggface 2016 all over again . do u ppl understand how ppl like la pen and trudaeu were elected ? ?
actually , you failed by offering a nonsensical example . i was merely pointing that out . one can not sell one ’ s self into slavery , with or without the government enforcing anything . it ’ s just impossible . if you voluntarily agree to be paid for your labor , either before , during , or after that labor , then that ’ s simply not slavery . also , you picked the one example where incorporation is not relevant . the 13th amendment is unique in that it was enforceable against the federal government , state/local governments , and private individuals from day 1 . no one is allowed to own slaves . most other amendments , when passed , were enforceable only against the federal government , and were subsequently incorporated by the 14th amendment to be enforceable against state/local government . they are not enforceable against private individuals . so you really shouldn ’ t be comparing a 13th amendment issue to a 5th amendment issue when talking about enforceability visavis private individuals . that ’ s apples and oranges .
can don jr prove he 's not descended from a tryst between an orangutan and a frisky trump ? people are talking ! and i have n't seen evidence to prove otherwise !
i told the guy that he can ’ t possibly actually think biden is a segregationist ? so no we ’ re arguing the same point here
& gt ; their argument for why it stimulates the economy is because `` the job creators will make new jobs and then the people will get money . '' & gt ; & gt ; when all along they could , you know , make sure the people get the money . even moreso than that , giving the money to the people would create more jobs because it would free up more income and allow more people to spend money . you do n't create jobs where there 's no demand or need to create more jobs . giving money to corporations to `` create jobs '' is an idiot notion for people who do n't know basic supply and demand . you need a fucking moneyed demand in a market before you can start fulfilling it and creating jobs .
all is fair in killing a few people
i wonder why you never hear republicans shrieking about death panels anymore , and i guess this answers it . you ca n't lead a country without killing a few people .
can you provide the context ?
removed
i think what he meant was that even with all the programs you are referring to , a lot of us are still in the bracket where it would be a stretch financially to explore homeownership right now . even if , on paper , it should be easy .
it is a states rights issue when there is no evidence of intentional segregation . brown outlawed segregation , it did n't mandate integration .
well apparently tucker was one of the fox hosts that talked trump out of initiating a military conflict with iran in the wake of the drone controversy due to his narrative on his show . obviously tucker is now helping shape trumps other geopolitical decisions off of that resume .
nk has a nuke , iran does n't . while donald is president , iran becoming a nuclear power is likely the best way to preserve peace in the middle east . he would n't dare touch them if they were nuclear .
if biden `` counterattacks '' it just proves he cares more about his legacy than democrats attaining presidency and improving things . harris did n't do anything drastic . biden may have had may have had good intentions opposing federal busing but that does n't matter now . instead of caring abut his legacy and personal purity , biden needs to pass the torch and stop obstructing modern democrats . opposing busing might have flew half a century ago ; it does n't today . hillary laid off bernie in 2016 for this reason . bernie was not nice with hillary but she did n't let that get to her .
i mean , i 'm as into the antirussia circlejerk as anyone , but calling it a white ethnostate is just factually wrong
incels
is saying theres no defending north korea then following it up with this the equivalent of saying `` i 'm not being racist ... but '' and then following it up with an astoundingly racist comment ?
yes , you are , extremely . you 're writing epic tomes to harass someone for simply criticizing your candidate . tomes going unread . if you could calm yourself down and scale back the insults , then we could actually have had a productive conversation . instead you have just given me more confidence in my own criticism of beto , as you immediately resort to rants and insults . just calm down and go for a walk or something .
deleted
president trump thinks kim jung un is his friend , trump totally fails any moral or ethical litmus test .
just stop .
maybe you can write six more chapters about how deleting things is n't deleting things . you 're clearly incapable of comprehending anything i 've written . have a great life
that is actually a fair point . meghan mccain is terrible but at least she isn ’ t pretending to be something she ’ s not other than intelligent , but that ’ s not a big deal .
removed
highlights : & gt ; there was $ 10,000 for cosmetics for 20 aides , $ 30,000 in per diem payments to dozens of staff members and hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of party decorations . ... & gt ; not everyone got what they thought they were paying for : pavel fuks , a ukrainianrussian developer , filed a lawsuit saying he was bilked out of the $ 200,000 he paid for what he thought would be v.i.p . tickets to the inauguration . fuks , who spoke with ken for this episode of “ the weekly , ” once talked to trump about doing a moscow real estate project . why does it matter if they spent heavily on party decorations ? trump only used 7 vendors and they were all connected to trump through business . 7 vendors received all that money .
that 's one wwe divas tag team bra and panties match i do n't wan na see
im not racist but
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
removed
see , but that ignores what i just said . let me give you an example . look at south east dc for instance vs north west dc on that map i linked . black people have been segregated for 100+ years into se , the anacostia river might not be illegal to cross , but effectively they have been redlined into living there even till today . it does n't take racist gerrymandering on the part of school districts to mean that black children are in one school house , and white children are in another , that is at this point a fact that will take a very long time and a lot of concerted action to prevent . but another fact was that in 1970 , the predominantly black school got far less funding . part of this was that the more black school district itself was poorer , another was that through a million subtle slights administrators and politicians at every level would never fully fund those areas . legally they were required to , but factually they never ever did . so you have two options . you can either say the same thing people had said for 20 years since brown v board `` we just need to work harder to fund all schools better '' and then watch as the same thing resulted and local administrators and school districts found ways not to do this , or you could force their hands , and put black kids in the better white schools and vice versa . biden 's choice was not between busing and finding funding for schools with black children , it was between busing or nothing . it is fantasy to believe that in the 1970 's there was any chance of moving tax dollars from richer whiter schools to poorer blacker ones . busing came at a price , but it was a juster price than inaction .
what ’ s your main point ? that headlines can ’ t convey an entire article ’ s meaning ?
what . the . fuck .
deleted
deleted
people from across the spectrum use the states ’ rights argument when it suits their political purpose in that moment . for example , & gt ; “ my own view on guns is : everything being equal , states should make those decisions ” now , who is it who said that ? hint : it ’ s bernie though he now disputes it , the audio is linked in that article . just because the states ’ rights argument originated in defense of the institution of slavery doesn ’ t mean it ’ s an inherently racist argument when used in other contexts .
if the government has a right to force its citizens to pay into it , then you have a right for that government to help maintain you and your ability to pay into it .
deleted
& gt ; the momentum from the deficitfinanced tax cut has thus far proved strong enough to overcome them the entire point of the tax cuts was to stave off an impending recession in order for republicans to maintain power . they blew a stimulus in a strong economy in a bad way for purely partisan gain . trumps latest attempts to circumvent congress to throw another round of tax cuts out there is another attempt to do the same , hoping to stave off the recession until after 2020 . after that they wont care how fast the economy tanks , they 'll have consolidated enough power it wont matter . essentially we 'll be on the path to being venezuelan
do you want war with north korea ? or you want to just ignore and seclude them like we have for the past 60 years ? everyone praised obama for opening channels with cuba . if this had been obama he would be handed the nobel peace prize tomorrow .
i ca n't believe they allow aoc to even speak anymore . she is absurd .
critical thinking isn ’ t your strong suit is it ?
removed
that 's the way the cookie killing a few people
find a penny , pick it up , and all the day you ’ ll be killing a few people .
the electoral college got trump in the wh so we 're back to you not knowing what you 're talking about .
`` name 3 tyrants trump has n't praised and tried to cozy up to . '' & amp ; # x200b ; also , `` name 3 news orgs trump has n't declared to be the enemy of the people . ''
being from the bronx is n't either but hey look where we are .
removed
removed
removed
5 years is a bit short , but in general , yeah . when you start looking at movies from about 8 to 15 years ago through a modern eye some light jokes at the time start to seem in poor taste or at least questionable now . spiderman 1s “ nice outfit ! did your husband make it for you ? ! ” , spiderman said that , not a bad guy . and even as recent as toystory 3 , with ken getting disgusted looks when other toys thought he was wearing high heels , and an end credit gag when the toys made an ‘ eeegh ’ face when learning a glittery cursive letter was from ken and not barbie . it has only been 9 years but i can ’ t see disney running that joke again .
theyre taking our j0bz 🏛💵💰👨‍👩‍👧‍👦
at some point the pattern will be disrupted by global thermonuclear war .
fox news is trying to subtly/gradually ease their audience into trump 's friendly mindset towards dictators . hmm , i wonder why
gravel is a 9/11 truether and i would rather not have him on the debate stage . he 's also 89 and has n't held office since 1981 . personally i would rather have steve bullock on the stage than gravel or williamson . bullock is the two term governor of montana who won in 2012 and 2016 despite montana voting for romney and trump by wide margins . he was also the head of the democratic governor 's association . i 'd rather see a red state democratic governor than a 9/11 truther or an orb enthusiast . i would say something about seth moulton but i literally know nothing about him and do n't care about him whatsoever .
the banality of evil
this american wants you to have your job back .
removed

okay , true . are we still ignoring all the good they produce also ? seems short sighted to do so .
i wasn ’ t impressed by her . i feel like all she did was give personal anecdotes and say “ trump is bad ” and said nothing about what sort of policies she ’ d actually want to have . i guess people were impressed by how she carried herself and attacking biden , but to me it seemed like there ’ s no substance there .
& gt ; he doesnt guzzle mcdonalds everyday and i find that troubling . fox news `` employees ''
i never went to college so i do n't have loan debt . but the argument i 've seen thrown around of `` why did n't they know any better ! ? '' is fucking moronic . you really expect an 18 year old child to know or realize they 're being scammed ? why is the blame always on the individual and not the entity who extorts the individual ?
but trump sr. is a us citizen so don jr is literally not an anchor baby . jr. would be a us citizen even if he were born in czechoslovakia .
& gt ; also weapons of war should stay in war bubba and jethro don ’ t need an m4 , a barrett .50 cal or an at4 . ... it 's hard to get an m4 or an at4 asis . also , longdistance shooters will sometimes use larger calibers like .338 lapua , which is a military cartridge . some distance shooters even go to .50bmg at least in the uk . i personally think they should be able to get a post86 fullauto rifle , as long as they jump through the rest of the nfa hoops .
so first `` the socialism is bad because the soviet union killed so many people , coercion is bad . '' and now `` leading a country means killing people . '' it 's whatever is convenient for the moment , is n't it ?
removed
removed
that 's what makes it so cringe ; she 's talking to the people on camera ! lmao it 's so cringe omg
you ’ re saying genocide is okay . that ’ s the endgame here . you want me to say that obama was wrong and because you subjectively heard no outrage about it no one can complain about what trump is doing , therefore you ’ re saying genocide is okay . you ’ re a duplicitous coward .
if ngo abused any kids at all , i would gladly condone what happened to him in portland . but that ’ s not what happened here . we have to keep things civil in this country . that goes for both/all sides of the ideological spectrum .
& gt ; i can see why you 'd think that , but the stripper pole can only support so much weight , so bmi is not the best measure . that is true . you need to consider the manufacturing of said stripper pole . made in germany will have higher carbon content and lower impurities meaning it can support big ass booty .
do n't judge a book by the killing of a few people .
wait your argument rests on the colloquial use of 'liberal ' in the united states ? if you ca n't see why that 's some bad reasoning then you 're in for a world of confusion when it comes to politics lmao . i mean just wiki search liberal and neoliberal and let me know why they do n't deserve the distinction k ?
how is this not taken off the air ? surely saying that normal people just have to die like that is like a call for violence ?
i 'm probably voting bernie strongly considering warren but kamala would be the best candidate to dunk on trump in the debates
this is a silly post .
hit the fascist nail on the head , you did .
you are on a roll with your vomments man . north korea 's leaders do that . remember when trump and kim were in love ? then they found test sites popping up again after that huge photo op ? now , trump may have started talks again ... but they have gotten nowhere . like every . other . thing .
i don ’ t think he said that at all . he ’ s trying to be edgy , and get people ’ s attention . what “ i want ” is for an electorate to look around and understand that the stuff that happens in north korea is probably just as bad as being someone in yemen whose kid was killed in a school bus bombing by americans . i think north korea is an ultraevil regime . there are degrees to evil , and giving saudi arabia weapons to kill innocent people for political gain seems to be a type of degree .
removed
sure . this exact situation is an excellent example . democrats , and lots of republicans for that matter , have consistently suggested trump is making the wrong decisions yet here we are ... closer to peace in the korean peninsula than ever before . common sense tells us that if democrats were in charge , we ’ d likely be at war . if not with n. korea then with syria . the same can be said about practically everything trump has done . despite all the push back from both sides , our economy is thriving , our people are working , our taxes are lower , we ’ re avoiding wars instead of engaging in them , our partners are finally paying their fair share , our border is being secured ...
curiosity did kill a few people
how do you think that she is republican ?
meghan ’ s father didn ’ t hire her . she was hired for the ratings she brings to a tv show . why did the president hire ivanka ? what is ivanka ’ s job ? why was she trying to talk to the heads of three nations and the imf ? i know you don ’ t have a better answer than “ i don ’ t know . ”
it 's hovered around 4 % since 2018 when they went into effect , so you 're wrong about that .
we 're also entitled to arm ourselves per the bill of rights ... .
switch ivanka and chelsea . now imagine how apoplectic the right would be , we 'd never hear the end of it . now imagine them being perfectly fine with it , and not saying anything at all , like they are with ivanka .
would being bill clinton ’ s wife qualify as a career ?
was it really for the illustration of donald trump and not the two dead bodies ?
let 's be fully ready ... this is the rhetoric you 'd hear after they 're kicked out of power in 2020 , as well if that happens . this is the rhetoric they use in sunshine and rain , in victory and defeat . it shows how empty their vision for the future is and their ability to ever govern that they do n't actually have anything else .
i ’ ve had this conversation a dozen times already and surprised it ’ s still happening .
aoc is mentally deficient and only says what she ’ s told to say , and this sub holds her as a pariah . amazing .
removed
and how many of those `` accomplishments '' of ivankas , are n't just windowdressing for the wealth and privilege ? i doubt she actually `` created a jewelry line '' . her daddy 's accountants hired someone to do it , and then slapped her name on it . i 've known many vp 's who were nepotism hires , who were dumb as a stump and did nothing other than collect a paycheck and pad their resume . aoc had to work her ass off for every single one of her qualifications . she will make a great us president some day .
5 years ago people would let it go ? i attended my first gay wedding in 1992 in downtown seattle for my conservative now trump supporting father 's coworker . that shit would not fly 5 , 10 or 20 years ago .
alright verruca sweetheart you 'll get your world leaders when we get home . but daddy i want to meet the world leaders and a golden goose now .
they still do that anyway though . even the more educated ones .
& gt ; oh ... that actually ... makes sense ? carlson is unquestionably trying to defend north korea , or he 's a total moron .
removed
oh . i just got it . he would n't lose a single voter because the people he 's hypothetically shooting on fifth are the ones that did n't vote for him . i 'd almost think he was telling us the end game by accident .
remember when hillary was her own bodydouble that was also on the edge of death and also had a hightech antiseizure exoskeleton powering her ?
that 's a very lazy take . i dont like shapiro either but there is plenty more you attack .
very true my house means i have the right to kill visitors
removed
you had me for a second . i ai n't never met no tiger that can write .
stop listening to my chemical romance bruh
this video shows the sheer insanity and dishonesty of it
removed
what ? yes , america does . you literally check the `` president '' box with the name of the nominee next to it , or you can writein a candidate on the ballot .
this is shocking . shocking ! oh , not that trump would bring that racist asslicker with him . the shocking part is that i thought carson would be far too chickenshit to go . but hey , if it 's safe enough for president bonespurs , i guessd it 's safe enough for tucker .
thank you kind and reasoned person .
see what they just made you do ? edit : guess what your new boss can do ?
she never did that , it was fake news
how is him changing his position to match those of his constituents evidence he wo n't stand up for his constituents ? does n't that show the exact opposite ?
that makes sense if you 're a logical person , but his base is not made up of logical people . to them , he 's innocent and allowing the angry dems to question anyone associated with him will result in those angry dems twisting words and using leading questions , etc. , that will only result in him looking guilty . these are people who embrace ridiculous conspiracies and dismiss actual realworld evidence . asking them to believe that much of the government and intelligence agencies , and scientists , and researchers , and lawyers , and other experts has it out for him and him alone , that does n't even take a stretch of the imagination for them .
i thought it was purses ? who am i kidding , it was probably both .
look , the fact that youre an adult and a conspiracy theorist isn ’ t something to be proud of . it ’ d be more understandable if you were a kid but damn , you just shot yourself in the foot there
deleted
deleted
easy come , easy killing a few people
then why were you asking me to explain something to you ? i was n't even talking to you in the first place .
removed
removed
you can use rimfires for those sporting categories but your effective range will be limited .
removed
i 'm looking forward to the gop unveiling their policy proposals for the 2020 campaign tax cuts , deregulation and killing a few people .
eat the rich 1993
i ’ m not a big booker person , but didn ’ t kamala do essentially the same thing to biden at the debates that you ’ re now criticizing booker for doing ?
i think you can blame the right for that .
`` at a ... meeting that she knows nothing about . she can not in any way deal with those members who are there representing those countries . she doesn ’ t know anything about these issues . '' ... .to be fair , neither does he .
this really is n't a good hill for people to die on . shouting about busing is not a winning issue in any way . talk about giving trump the election in 2020 .
then why were they so worried about the three dead at benghazi ?
not a battle cry . just an observation on the dumbing down of america
it 's their platform . they can police anything they 'd like . we 're free not to use facebook . i 'm actually 100 % okay with the idea of banning all conservatives from all social media sites . they won this war when they courts allowed bakers to discriminate . now they 're trying to flip the script .
all these pearl clutching outrage specialists should be calling for stiff national sanctions against china , russia , israel , nearly every latin american country , etc etc . unless they 're just hypocrites that get whipped into a frenzy over fake headlines
call john titor and stick a banana in the microwave .
i 'd vote for her over trump but that 's basically the lowest bar possible . out of the 26 declared democrats or republicans she would literally be # 25 for me with only trump himself occupying the 26th spot .
removed
deleted
unfortunately , this submission has been removed . per the sidebar : /r/politics is a serious political discussion forum . to facilitate that type of discussion , all submissions must be articles , videos or sound clips . the following are also disallowed : satire or humor pieces . these belong in /r/politicalhumor . more info . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i guess he really should have said that . honestly if he ca n't even debate castro , because castro is being `` too mean '' , then he is going to get flogged by trump .
yeah i also have some doubt about this . wife and i combined are at $ 80k max , i 've got a score of 730 and she had like 650 . 800/mo in loans . we got approved for a $ 172k house
removed
the us government bought bad assets and preferred stock and sold them at a whopping .6 % , at massive taxpayer investment and risk actually a loss when accounting for inflation . it was n't like they gave loans to these guys ; it was straight capital infusion for securities , just like a vc firm investing in a company for shares . go read up on it .
he could come out tomorrow with a statement that he would use federal power to enforce minority rights today . denounce states rights on issues of equality
deleted
removed
removed
because nothing can transcend either race or gender . nothing
look at what they say about candace owens , sarah huckabee sanders , ivanka , melania , any female fox host , meghan mccain , etc
removed
you know , i did n't really give old kimmy boy much credit , but he 's suckered the orange idiot in really well . china 's trade war and north korea will long outlast old donnie . they know he is limited by either being voted out in 2020 or term limits . amazin .
neither graph shows that ... .you ’ re completely misinterpreting the graphs
he won three states that put him over the top by less than 80k votes and lost the popular by nearly 4 million . but yea it was n't close ... ..lol .
that ’ s completely false . obviously things have gotten worse under trump but obama was no friend of immigrants . he made no effort to defund or reform the dhs
and as a lifelong fisherman , saying `` catchandrelease is against my religion '' is absolutely absurd and backward in 2019 . c & amp ; r practices have solved so many fucking problems when it comes to sustaining a stock of fish . it 's absolutely pigheaded thing to say .
she does'nt even belong there smh
“ being someone ’ s daughter isn ’ t actually a career. ” no one tell megan mccain .
removed
i ’ ll wait to see what black and brown people from cali have to say instead of listening to someone on reddit who is almost certainty not black or brown , or from cali . i like how all you guys think you ’ re qualified to predict what other groups of people think .
she should get a refund and sue them for false advertising , then .
who cares what stars/celebrities think ? where have i heard that ?
did anybody actually watch the video in the link ? & amp ; # x200b ; r/politics at its finest .
fucking complaint ? he threatened the police and hid from lawful order to be brought back to the oregon 's capitol building . he should be dragged to jail .
but not otto which is the subject of this thread
not really , universal multiplayer would obviously be more regulated than what we have now , but you ca n't just conflate it with a single payer base . it provides an obvious layer of insulation that you ca n't just hand wave away .
nah . need to point out the silliness of these micro “ scandals ” every time conservative media plays the whatabout game .
“ make america great again ” . isn ’ t that the motto ? bring jobs back to the states . stand by your values and don ’ t have relationships with hunan rights violators .
deleted
which we were doing just fine before trump . nk is desperate to be seen as legitimate , and part of us avoiding photo ops and visits is to deny that legitimacy until they stop their massive human rights violations against their own people . this shits all over that and gives kju a huge victory .
tell that to my company 's ceo , who 's daughter is vp of ... .actually i 'm not really clear on what she 's vp of or what she does . but she 's vp of something , and that 's what counts .
removed
removed
he pardoned that grandma who was in prison for being near a drug deal after kim kardashian asked him .
so , in no sense did he defend nk . lol . i don ’ t even like carlson he ’ s just a right wing socialist . but come on .
removed
question , but do we know how universal healthcare will affect health care workers ? specifically nurses ? i 100 % support universal healthcare , but people have told me that it will lower the salaries of nurses and doctors , as well as make work harder due to an increase of the number of patients . while i ’ m all for taking care of more people , patient to nurse ratios or the absence of them are already very dangerous for both the patient and the nurse .
i dont think that 's technically alliteration . i mean concentration camps is , but not children . kid concentration camp ? then you got a stew going .
conservatives naturally gravitate towards dynastic behavior . they want to be ruled by `` the royal family '' . it 's like they never left jolly old england .
yeah , it 's bad enough when it comes from within the us . russia will exploit this . and the surest way to beat them is to not participate in it at all such that the only voices on the subject are russian .
removed
confused screaming
i think a lot of that is actually a sort of lingering guilt from the vietnam era . we conscripted poor people to go die by the thousands in a meaningless war , then when the war was over we just left them to rot in the streets . americans take refuge in nationalism whenever the world gets too complicated . we 've also been largely shielded from the realities of conflict so i think as a society we just do n't understand how devastating the things we do to other people really are
none of the information is misleading . you must also think every single legit campaign website is misleading too , because none of them ever show the bad things a candidate has said or done .
removed
well her daddy ran a campaign off meaningless blather , so she thinks it will work here . too bad for her these are world leaders and not inbred hillbillies .
because obviously overweight mentally slipping trump is the picture of health
for people who call others snowflakes , they sure are sensitive about things such as imaginary online points
the sad part is that we are better off because of that . can you imagine the crazy shit bolton would pull ?
& gt ; why do you spend so much time defending and supporting him ? because russians , republicans and their useful idiots spend so much time attacking him .
guns are pretty fun .
nazis seem to not be welcome anywhere . its almost like we fought a world war to get rid of them .
look , i 'm for universal healthcare , but it 's not a right . your answer just shifts the burden of your alleged entitlement from the doctor to some other guy who pays the doctor . so same question , why does n't that other guy get to be selfish and decide how much of his money he is willing to devote to your healthcare , just like you get to decide how much money you devote to healthcare for people in developing worlds ? why do you have a right to that other guy 's money , but people living in the third world just have to hope you 're in a charitable mood ? people pushing for universal healthcare need to realize that they 're going to be receiving something complements of rich people , who tend to be smarter and more hardworking than everyone else , and who tend to do the most stressful and challenging jobs , with some exceptions . so screaming that you have a right to their money is n't really ethical , and is totally impractical . who do you think will run the new universal healthcare system , for example ? some former bartender with a negative net worth , or a rich guy ?
that 's a bad way to phrase the fact bolton is a psychotic warmonger , and carlson is against foreign intervention . he was against syria strikes , for pulling out of the me , against war in vz , nk , and iran . i 'd prefer trump took advice on foreign intervention from carlson than bolton .
electoral college votes in the president .
150 million sharpening knives
removed
i can ’ t believe i ’ m doing this , but i have to defend carlson here . what he ’ s saying is not wrong . if you guys seriously believe that the us is some perfect country that has never killed people in atrocious ways , you ’ re blind . now , it ’ s a slightly different argument to say that you have to kill people to be successful . but even then , most countries have done that .
the truth will set you free , but first it will kill a few people
& gt ; i do n't think the rnc will allow debates can they stop it if the potus can be baited into showing up ?
removed
course he was nominated by trump , the guy that also nominated a blathering idiot who had never taught a day as secretary of education , so i doubt his teaching credentials were very high on the list of qualifications used to select him . personally i figure his top qualification was that he sides with corporations about 98 % of the time , and the 2 % he does side against are in minor cases , truly a man that knows where he stands . well , that and the rapist part , trump really likes rape .
the justice department claims that a president can not be indicted in a memo dating back to the watergate era . that leaves impeachment which involves the house by definition as the only road to serious punishment/removal .
a 10 year studentloan repayment plan is n't anything unusual . in fact my son has a 10year repayment plan and he 's making his payments just fine . the purpose of taking out loans is n't to pay them back immediately ... that 's not what loans are for . you take money at a certain time in order to increase your earning potential , and then over 10 or so years you use that increased earning potential to pay the loan back . having debt is n't necessarily bad . there is good debt and there is bad debt . your expectations of realty are way off base if you think you 're going to repay your student loans only one or two years out of school . is that why this is being built up as a `` crisis '' nowadays ? because kids think they 're going to repay their loans immediately ? that 's not how this works . that 's not how any of this works .
trump and his supporters ' going argument is `` we 're no better than putin 's russia , xi 's china , duetere 's philipines , mbs 's ksa , or kju 's dprk so who are we to try to lead the world to a more free and democratic future . '' `` make america great '' is actually `` meh , we 're just another random country if you think about it . ''
ageism is not becoming .
removed
removed
no , those are called people with brains
`` what evidence do you have other than how you feel about her ? '' better question would be who do you know willing to fork over 70 % for her tax plan ? pay for medicare for all ? pay for her green new deal ? nobody . because all i 'm hearing is rich will pay the tab . riiight . `` this is lazy and disingenuous . a 3 second google search will show she has worked beyond bartending . but you know , i would n't care if she just had bartending experience because congress should n't consist solely of elite millionaires . '' i just gave you an explanation on how i feel experience is more relevant than schooling but okay . pay attention please . `` that makes zero sense . why would n't you hire based on experience and skill set ? that 's a great way to run your business into the ground . '' please reread and see above response . `` lol of course it does . do you have a clue the obstacles that these folks must have overcome to dislodge the status quo ? '' now this is how you run a business to the ground . does n't mean they are more qualified or have the experience necessary to do the job correctly . they may have insight on certain topics but , will never substitute actual knowledge and experience . `` your comment , as a trump supporter , is dripping with irony . neither kushner nor ivanka have qualifications for the positions they hold . for that matter , neither does trump , which unfortunately we 're dealing with on a daily basis . '' always love on these closing arguments getting painted as a trump supporter just because i 'm not praising aoc for going to school . ivanka and kushner are both valued over 1.1 billion dollars combined but yeah , keep on that `` they are unqualified '' bullshit my friend . i 'll be here continuing to spreading the truth .
at some point when this mess is finally cleaned up , fox news is going to have to atone for it 's harmful propaganda .
daaaammmnnnn
then defended them
removed
interesting . so every political website ever is disinformation . got it .
deleted
i 'm glad you mentioned cognitive dissonance . & gt ; in the end what maters is what ’ s good for the united states and you deal with bad people a lot of the time in order to help your own country . did you just blissfully overlook that or what ?
mostly just xi jinping though , america is putin 's slave .
don jr. never admitted that trump coordinated with russia to be elected . you 've provided no source . i use the birther conspiracy because , like the russian collusion theory , both are insane claims that are politically motivated .
when you go to the hotel , make sure to bring your own killing a few people
removed
and aodumbass is so qualified lmao
more info/links on the castros regarding what you ’ re saying ? thanks !
sounds like trump used this opportunity for an `` inside the trump administration '' , `` first look '' to air on fox news sometime closer to election
if life gives you lemons , you make killing a few people .
being in love means killing a few people .
removed
you appear to have confused yourself . twitter ’ s ability to defend against libel claims i assume that ’ s what you meant stems from the communications decency act of 1996 not from the first amendment . twitter is not required to honor the first amendment in any way , in that they are free to prohibit any speech they wish to .
your shepherd is calling you , little lamb . run along .
well , no . not even a little .
what does that have to do with anything ? it 's also not true , but even ignoring that .
are you talking about trump ?
the irvings are like the canadian version of the kochs . they basically own new brunswick , and use it as their personal fiefdom .
must be hard having your favorite subreddit quarantined , isn ’ t it ?
deleted
you ’ re right ! get the government out of our governance ! keep those filthy government hands out of our society ! everyone that ’ s for snugglebutt187 arbitrarily drawing the line where government ends and we start relying on just faith in our fellow americans and their strong moral fiber , innate compassion , and diligent sense of personal accountability to handle the rest raise your hands ! i ’ m sure you ’ ll draw that line so that it includes wastewater treatment and sewage systems , right ? right ? ! odds are 50/50 on fire and police coverage though , right ? either way we know that a strong nation isn ’ t one that educates their citizenry or invests in them one tenth of the money it forms over for greedy wall street thieves ! something something taxes are theft but only if they go to benefit the american people ; taxes for corporations , you ’ re all good ... take my money ! ! ! . you know what ’ s funny ? your america sounds like quite the shithole .
deleted
i would like to point out that the same year mlk was shot , moderates rushed to elect the man literally campaigning on law and `` order '' .
removed
the main reason it is almost impossible to indict a president is to keep the other party from coming up with some trumped up charges to get rid of the president from the other party . if need to be indicted the house has impeachment and the senate holds a trial .
yall care about the most trivial shit .
imagine thinking this is a good take .
deleted
& gt ; fox news : the president shouldn ’ t talk to dictators if it ’ s obama fox news hated the idea of obama talking to foreign dictators . guess how they feel about trump doing it ? ? ?
he tried to make his audience shit their pants over obama coming for their guns and secret fema camps , but now apparently it 's ok for leaders to kill people .
we would like trump to have someone instead of bolton who is both sane and a good idea to take places in boltons position .
it 's definitely a weird thing to say . like , if you 're trying to bring up that government inherently needs to be violent to enforce its laws , why bring up north korea ? that 's pretty much the worst example .
deleted
you ca n't make an omelette without smashing a few eggs .
should really read this amazing article on cnn . someone actually sat down and used that gooey mass between their ears for once over there . & amp ; # x200b ;
lol can we call this more what it is ? athlete who wants to be in the spotlight allows herself to be put there by a politician who must appear `` more progressive than thou '' if rapinoe really wanted to make a unique statement , she 'd say she was going to stay away from washington because they have n't done a damn thing for anyone in years
deleted
why are you trying to cause confusion in political subs ? yeah i thought so . go back to quarantine .
& gt ; therefore giving americans simple weapons means the government ca n't fight them why would anyone need to give the americans weapons ? they already have hundreds of millions of guns . that 's why the source is irrelevant . on the iq , my point is that the americans with an average iq of 98 should prove a more powerful adversary to the us military than a group of people with an average iq of 84 .
as a german , this conversation scares the shit out of me .
removed
he eats so much fast food and diet soda that he ’ s pretty much preembalmed
bolton is a prop ... i 'm pretty sure he 's been taxidermied , so trump can wheel him out and scare people , from time to time ...
i want this fucker off television . how the fuck do we hurt their bottom line ? speak the only language they know ?
hi ` tmfwang ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : out of date : /r/politics is for current us political news and information that has been published within the the last calendar month . for example , if the date is january 29 and the article submitted was written before december 29 , then the submission is out of date . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
& gt ; the fascist club this is the best title .
home loans are calculated to not exceed 28 % of your net income . now days , your mortgage payment has taxes and insurance rolled into it . there might not be a house that he can afford where he lives with how high some property taxea are . places like the bay area start at like 600k .
ok , yeah , however , only 10 % of americans actually supported busing . and ok , yeah , most americans are white , but only 13 % of blacks supported it . it was a decision that was opposed by the black community , and it may be that he was letting it decide for itself .
nope . it ’ s horrible and an atrocity .
trumps brown shirts not gaining traction ... turns out world war two was not that long ago .
oof . of course if someone gave you 500k for doing nothing , you ’ d be willing to part with half of it . you ’ d be gaining 250k for no work . you wouldn ’ t be in charge of thousands of employees , the fate of a company , or responsible to shareholders . you wouldn ’ t have had to work your way up to that money either . do you really think you sound noble ? honestly at this point , just stop . you ’ re making a fool of yourself .
going to print this article , grind it up and then put it on my garden ... ..
just one more small step in fox news justification of regimes they are ok with as long as it 's `` their guy '' .
`` first time homeowner incentives '' usually means a no or low down payment option , which is a misnomer because that downpayment gets rolled into the loan itself and you have to pay the interest on that entire amount , which makes the monthly mortgage a lot higher , bordering on unreasonable . comes also the issue that in a lot of cities where you can use an fha loan , there 's not much to choose from because any governmentsecured loan is going to have their own set of specific qualifications for what house you can buy ; many of them being cosmetic , sometimes seemingly arbitrary . it 's a time sink . and chances are if you are a firsttime home buyer who needs one of those programs , you 're probably also working a job that is n't going to allow you the time to follow through on the process .
how was it fake news ? there ’ s pictures proving it .
removed
“ ratings ” you mean the ratings she gets because she ’ s the daughter of a legendary republican ? she has literally no other traits . have you listened to her speak ? ivankas job is the same , to bring ratings to the trump brand . her face being there , even in this meeting , shows her stupid followers that she has a seat at the table . it doesn ’ t fucking matter to them if it ’ s deserved or if she even uses it well
omg i can ’ t believe i misread that , sorry . im so tired lol
apparently , so do the dnc , since they let her on the stage . i did n't let her on the stage . your quarrel is n't with me . your anger seems misplaced .
within weeks all if the migrant concentration camps are closed . everyone asks what happened to the people republicans : leading a country means killing people . hillary clinton is arrested and there is show trial for which the preordined sentance is death by hanging in public republicans : leading a country means killing people . democratic member of congress are publicly executed republicans : leading a country means killing people .
i could n't take it anymore and i talked to the trump supporters on the corner . one wanted proof that trump is n't a christian , another claimed that the tax cuts helped him and a third just wanted to yell about trump . in general , they could n't offer facts or even examples of how trump has improved america and yet they demanded proof from me that he 's destroying it . i 'll take it to them but they wo n't believe it . it 's so discouraging . where do you even start with them ?
deleted
removed
racism runs in the family
removed
ugly toy , like the toy version of herself .
p read up buttercup
yeah i wonder if he ’ ll just ship in a bunch of north korean troops like the rw conspiracy people have been afraid of for decades .
those three have a new podcast coming later this year .
another good way to look for bias is to check what other outlets are saying about the same event . cnn describes the event with a slight negative `` falls flat '' as opposed to the stronger negative of `` irks '' that the new york post uses . and based on reading the articles , falls flat seems far more appropriate .
north korea , if you are listening , please , keep trump ... .. keep him as your pet american . we will give you anything you want as long as you keep him and we ’ ll throw in ivanka as your new concubine .
& gt ; busing is n't relevant today schools have been integrated for 30 years now . roflmaopimp ! ! ! that 's hilarious ! # sources_of_contemporary_segregation
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
removed
jesus that needs to be fixed .
deleted
is that the french alternative to douche canoe ?
maybe the conversation would get somewhere if you did n't start off by attacking everyone you disagree with . i 'm inclined to listen to opposing opinions , because i like everyone else am at least occasionally wrong , but not at all when i 'm being disrespected .
removed
fox “ news ” employees ftfy .
it ’ s not “ completely false. ” go check the articles yourself before spreading nonsense trying to discredit me for no reason . i didn ’ t say he was good on immigrants or friendly to them . but i did say he wasn ’ t separating kids from families to “ scare people ” from crossing the border .
did he even meet with any palestinians to find out what they want ?
they ’ re all in , these sick fucks .
i do n't think donald trump actually knows how to treat women if he ca n't easily fit them into one of a few categories — `` sexual object '' , `` nasty lying devilwoman '' , `` the help '' , etc . once ivanka and tiffany appeared , he was so set in his ways that he honestly could n't mentally process how to act toward a daughter as a father ought to .
ah , the classic `` if the bad guys have all the guns , americans are defenseless '' do you guys not have cops ? or military ? are bad guys creating militia groups in america ? i did n't realize america was on the brink of a major crime war . good thing people are all carrying guns so that militia is staying quiet , waiting for the chance to strike . they just need you all to not have your pesky guns ... . you are laughably an idiot .
removed
then you ca n't read . not my problem . over the course of 3 presidents an entire family , us citizens all of them , was wiped out , first by drones , but they sent seals to finish the job . i do n't think i can be any more clear .
ben shapiro is a quisling . fuck him with a broken bottle . he should familiarize himself with star trek : deep space nine and pay attention to what happened to the bajoran collaborators .
sorry i upset you
better to have loved and lost than never to have killed a few people 💔
it ’ s really not ok to not have fully formed opinions on important issues . if she wins she will get in the office and do very little . politicians who give lip service to caring about issues but have no plans to actually change those issues always end up this way . please , lets not fall for that trap again , we need to choose someone with concrete policy positions , ideas and plans for change .
trump is n't conservative .
or it means that the president is doing his job in securing the peace of the country
he was not making a vague statement about how death happens everywhere in the world no matter what you do , they are talking about an enacting specific deaths to retain their power in government . which is not a necessary evil , it is just an evil .
this is what news articles have become . clips from instagram ? oh boy .
can ’ t decide if he ’ s providing cover for kim ’ s legacy or foreshadowing trump ’ s reelection strategy of killing his political opposition ,
he also has one policy that he thinks is sufficient to solve every issue we face . apparently taxing billionaires will make literally everything better .
wtf .
aoc never said a thing about wwii or the german camps . she said `` never again '' and the right wing drew faux outrage and pounced on it saying that it 's a term exclusive to the atrocities that occurred against the jews and how dare she blah blah blah . it 's nothing but political theater and a distraction from the real issues at hand . of course the same people said nothing when the marjory stoneman douglas adopted # neveragain either way it 's not exclusive to the german camps and nor should it be . there are thousands of things that have happened and are happening that we should all attribute never again too .
so here 's a fun question for you to research : in which unemployment or growth figures has trump 's presidency outperformed obama 's ? if you look , you 'll find that trends under trump merely continue the existing obama trends . where does he show new or accelerated growth ? can you find an example ? the reagan 80 's , and each republican presidency since except bush 41 have been characterized by successively larger and larger deficits , leading to record debt until the next gop presidency , that is accompanied by simultaneous large increases in government spending . yet somehow you point to these periods as exemplary of your libertarian ideas . it 's dumb , man . it 's really , really dumb . an unbiased look at the economic record shows clearly that modern republican policies are disastrous for any purpose other than enriching already extremely wealthy people and widening inequality .
& gt ; starting
he literally opens up with “ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime ” lol
good
rolls eyes
you do know that noncitizens can not vote , correct ?
they criticized her business practices , they never filed any kind of lawsuit or anything as you claimed . they publicly criticized her . that was it . the stealing designs fraud lawsuit was on the behalf of an italian shoe designer . had nothing to do with peta .
removed
& gt ; did you know that the english , german , and japanese governments killed millions of americans ? we probably should n't deal with them diplomatically , either . the absolute state of the left and fake news media .
& gt ; putin : christianity is the foundation of the russian state russia is something of an oddball , in that the soviet union proselytized atheism and was overtly antireligious , but in recent times , putin has been using the russian orthodox church as a political tool to stay in power and condition the population to be antiliberal , antiamerican , and support topdown power structures . now that i think about it , the situation 's not that different from a lot of middle eastern countries .
the dangers of whataboutism
that it has . original posts and comments .
and that ’ s what most of america is screamin ’
and there 's a degree of difference between what north korea does and the us ?
do you not love how it always looks like cody rolled into work from a night of heavy drinking and tugged relentlessly at his tie while reading the morning paper ? good grief i love it . so much catharsis in watching . and that interview he had of carlson on the howard stern show , talking about how he 's an elitist whose job it is to placate the plebs ? amazin .
technically that ’ s trump . mcconnell is silently holding the door open .
lmao what a crock of shit . let me guess , you probably also don ’ t believe the party switch happened ?

use nouns and pronouns . i do n't know what your referring to when you type `` it '' in every sentence . are you talking about north korea or the practice of a country killing people ? his argument , summarized : & gt ; “ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world , ” mr carlson said during the phone interview on fox news . north korea is bad . & gt ; “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr carlson added “ but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with. ” north korea is bad . other countries also kill people and commit atrocities , but north korea does it much more than those countries . north korea is still bad .
haven ’ t heard of this til now . pelosi and schumer are stop sanders ? didn ’ t dnc learn last time that they should let the people decide who wins 🤦🏻‍♂️
keep digging , joe . just keep digging
you can not possibly save enough as a middle class family much less a lower class one ! when the cost of college rises exponentially and wages do not follow .
deleted
removed
a person who could n't pass a security clearance and is a known con artist .
hello lostigerone , and welcome to r/politics ! r/politics requires users to wait for 3 days in order to post comments or submissions . in the meantime , please enjoy reading the content others have posted , and feel free to return in a few days to fully participate ! i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
angela merkel made the decision to accept warfleeing refugees despite public opinion because it was an urgent matter of justice . she 's not running for reelection and she risked her career and reputation on it . joe biden gave racist excuses to avoid school desegregation so that he could be a reliable neoliberal vote in the senate . time for bidenites to stop making excuses and own up : he is unfit for presidency
deleted
removed
& gt ; my disagreement with you was about 'gerrymandering being bad for the same reason that not gerrymandering would be bad . ' so you do n't think splitting apart a constituency , thus reducing their political power , is a bad thing ? & gt ; how does one prevent a bad outcome ? for whom ? & gt ; how does one gerrymander and not gerrymander at the same time ? you do n't .
considering illegal immigrants statistically commit much fewer violent crimes i would say they are n't really an issue and should n't be dominated by our news when more pressing matters are actually destroying the planet . we have politicians on the right actively preventing election security measures , despite the fact all of our intelligence agencies repeatedly warn us we are not safe from interference . we have trump 's administration burring every single climate report because he does n't like what it shows , our planet is fucked and if we want to salvage it we need to act now . the right wants to focus on muslims and mexicans committing crimes despite being statistical outliers to keep their base outraged at the wrong people . the rest of the country wants to fix our democracy from big corporations and from foreign interference before their policies push everyone into poverty and kill us . if you want to see what real propaganda the right 's been absorbing look for a video on youtube called `` what if fox news covered trump the way it covered obama ? '' literally all their complaints are disingenuous . we know this because if they were seriously upset with obama doing these things they 'd be fuming at trump right now . yet they are n't . it 's manufactured outrage to keep their audience in a rage induced state so they keep voting republican . science and data say illegal immigrants are n't committing violent crimes at anywhere near an alarming rate , and are less likely to commit them then natural citizens . science and data says climate change is a crisis that needs to be addressed immediately . intelligence says hostile foreign governments have been and are actively seeking to interfere in our elections . it 's not a hoax , it has happened and republicans are actively preventing security measures from being passed . the tax cuts they gave to the wealthy did n't trickle down , it never trickles down , they lied to you . all the tax cuts we give to the wealthy and loopholes abused by corporations would fund everything the lower and middle classes desperately need , like food , shelter , education , and healthcare . safer gun regulations does n't mean people are stealing your guns . everything you 've been made to be outraged about is misleading or false . it 's intentional . fox news , town hall , many other sites are manufacturing outrage and conservatives need to see it . it 's very important they see it for what it is .
sticks and stones may break my bones , but words will never killing a few people
like i have said before we have no need to billionaires in the world .
what.. aoc is a trailblazer and leader among the new left movement , her dedication and drive should be held by more politicians . she 's made a few fumbles , but so has everyone and they should n't discredit her .
deleted
removed
the reason why affordable homes are n't being built is because of student debt . there 's no financial demand for affordable homes because students are graduating with 56 figures of debt which doesnt get paid off till they 're in their 30 's if even then . usually , once you graduate part of your income gets put aside to build a savings for buying a home , but most millennial 's ca n't even afford to build an emergency fund let alone a savings fund for a home . this is coupled with the issue that modern economy is built around cities and cities are n't friendly to new low density housing developments
removed
all federal budgets must begin in the house of representatives . the house should defund the supine court , since it is now a republican party political appendage .
by the way , i answered your question on the ‘ how ’ of enforcing your participation . i couldn ’ t help but notice you didn ’ t have a rebuttal .
'she is worse than any office episode ' occasional cortex or ivanka ?
oni did . your first quote was tone deaf as fuck . much like biden ! do n't apologise . im sorry , for you .
has anyone posted his shows sponsors ?
also , keep in mind that when you are a kid , literally your entire world : teachers , parents , every adult , all of media and literature , all of it is telling you that college is the endallbeall that will determine your ultimate worth and that you need to have it or you 're fucked . so of course kids go and do whatever it takes to pay for it . the stigma of not going is extraordinary . the same people who mock these kids for taking out loans would sneer at a 20 year old if they told them they were n't going to college .
not for them .
i did n't know dennis rodman was qualified to discuss the nuances of nuclear nonproliferation in the context of the american national security strategy ... learn some new shit every day with this administration ... ..
i ’ m glad you think that but tens of millions of americans don ’ t want to pay higher taxes . it ’ s partly why the republican party exists in the first place .
she has literally zero qualifications to be in office . she got there because she is a hispanic woman with an extreme left wing radical position and people were afraid to criticize her for her lack of qualifications . i 'm not afraid to say : she 's horribly underqualified to be in a position of such authority . she 's as unqualified as ivanka , it 's pointless to debate who 's more unqualified because they both have no business being in the positions they 're in . # early_career
it 's the ol ' `` i 'm not racist but ... insert racism here . '' trope . `` i do n't agree with how many innocent people they are killing but you have to needlessly kill innocent people to make a country run . '' is what he is going for here .
deleted
obviously not ! killing people is running a country . why have politics when you can just kill . politics are for chumps./s
considering how the ‘ trump criminal organization ’ has handled its recent “ real estate ventures ” , i ’ m assuming the most likely scenario is slapping a sicker that reads ‘ trump international hotel pyongyang ’ over the sign at ryugyong hotel & amp ; calling it a day . trump will loudly insist that it ’ s the tallest hotel in the world , of course despite the fact that it is neither for all intents & amp ; purposes actually a hotel yet or the tallest any more even if it was . it ’ s not 1992 any more , donald .
the bright sides is looking towards the blast
what about juvenile detention center instead ?
no , it is n't . it 's the equivalent of saying , `` why did you wash out a cut if your body heals naturally ? '' that 's a false equivocation . we shower for hygeine as well as for appearance . you would n't be eliminating the shower entirely because you still have the hygenic component . so far , you have n't argued for why you should be discriminating based on appearance . i get it , you 're trying to say i 'm wrong , which is fine . even if you were to demonstrate that , you still have n't demonstrated a reason as to why we should judge people based on appearance when fashion trends are variable .
while this is clearly abhorrent , this guy did save tens of thousands of lives like last fucking week or something , so i 'm gon na give him a pass on one .
thats called an alabama sugar daddy
deleted
i suppose i don ’ t really have a good answer other than perhaps having access to medical care in the preventative stage has the potential to decrease the need for people to hold out till it ’ s really bad . so hopefully the snowball effect will be that more access to preventative care will equal less longterm or er patients . 🤷🏼‍♀️
deleted
get another job . edit : but what if they continue providing the same incentives they have for the past decades ?
why not both ?
nobody believes that . doesnt mean it 's a good idea to become allies with one of the worst countries on the planet .
.1 % earners in the us start at 2.7million a year , i doubt a fucking junior rep makes that kind of dough oh i see you 're just a babyaccount , hence the desperation about aoc
i ’ m an african american citizen . how the fuck are you gon na claim i ’ m not ? “ almost certainly ... . ” i know for a fact you aren ’ t though . ohh and mass incarceration of african americans by prosecutors , that ’ s actually a huge deal for african american and latino voters . go ahead and dispute that fact .
all dressed up and nowhere to killing a few people
removed
so i moved recently and had to get a new id . while applying they asked if i wanted to register to vote . during the process i had to select my political affiliation . my family has always been insanely republican . think the donald style . i could n't hit that democratic button fast enough when it popped up on the screen .
violent thugs , ew .
i 'm not ok with the status quo , but i do n't survive fools who think aoc or anyone else is a silver bullet . improvement will be a process of change . a process will require many negotiations . some negotiations will feel like a few steps back . i think we are now squarely in an era where the loudest fools on both sides have the stage .
what if she wants to be jamaicanamerican instead of africanamerican ? ?
wow i guess if someone wants to kill me i guess i better just write lots of think pieces and talk about how bad they are . surely that will stop them from killing me . non violence will definitely defeat any physical threat . violence is the gold standard dude . it is the only thing that ca n't be argued with , and it 's easily the most important power wielded by any government . without exercising physical violence either defensively or offensively in at least some capacity , there is literally no country in the world that can function . the only thing that matters is making sure you and the people you care about do n't get killed . that 's why y'all wan na end police brutality against black people but wan na punch nazis or throw milkshakes at saudi arabia or whatever .
you and i . you 'll notice i did n't list it . maybe address the argument i am making instead of the one i am not .
who was the reporter speaking ? because i 'm not a relativist or anything but he is a clear friend of hitler . explicitly not /s
deleted
whataboutism intensifies
fyi : the newspaper group he was fired from is owned by an billionaire family that controls 90 % of all media in new brunswick , and are very very politically connected . doing business in that province has been compared to business deals in banana republics . the family 's oil refinery in saint john also gets a lot its crude from the the saudis . edited 'cause i know mk is watching . ;
part of it is remaining informed . part of it is informing others . those can feel kind of indirect and useless sometimes , but they are important background activities . in the foreground , you can call politicians , campaign for them , etc . you can go to the streets in protest . you can organize and lead community efforts to rebuke these decisions . but remember that cultural effects are very influential while still being in the `` background . '' when you see people talk about `` normalization , '' that 's a background process that is incredibly important . so working to not allow terrible things to be normalized is one of the most impactful things you can do , even though it is n't always tangibly satisfying . this is also probably the hardest thing to keep up without burning out .
i 'm sure there were good people on both sides ...
what a sucker . nk and china will string him along until he 's voted out or term limits happen .
`` coercion does n't real . ''
$ 172k is probably less than half of what it would cost in new jersey . my 600sq ft condo in socal was $ 260k .
removed
removed
attacks on jews and muslim has gone up , jew attacks up by 30 % since trump became president . first time ever in record history .
& gt ; the_quarantined this is awesome .
removed
where does this idea start that if you give people things , they wo n't be motivated to get more things ? by last estimate , 53 % of the people on the forbes 400 inherited some significant degree of their wealth . so if being given things causes people to not want to get more things , why are virtually all of those 53 % working at all when they could have lived a better life than 90 % of americans without ever lifting a finger ?
no where does he say that ? it 's a comparison . he 's saying that while other countries do bad things , north korea does it on a much larger scale which makes north korea worse . i know there 's a level of nuance there , but c'mon ... .
removed
how is it unfair to expect people to repay loans they received ? at what point are people responsible for the choices they make ? do you also support forgiving debt for people who took out student loans without finishing their degree ? or what about people who made bad consumer choices ? in principle , i don ’ t mind wealth redistribution , but i don ’ t see the benefit of forgiving student debt . what is your desired outcome ? living within your means ! = wage slaving .
i know this is broken record material but imagine the outrage on the right if maddow accompanied obama to some foreign destination and had this kind of access .
you 're bad at reading and bad at thinking . your right to your own life is yours and nobody can take that unjustly . i never said anything about a fetus . right to life is the fundamental right . that 's why it 's the first right in the declaration of independence . upon your right to be alive are founded all other rights . you have a right to live therefore you have a right to defend yourself from aggressors . healthcare is an expected basic of a functioning government . if you bothered to engage your mind when reading you 'd realize i 'm advocating that healthcare should be provided for by our taxes . like roads . like the police . like national defense . a society that can provide healthcare should provide healthcare . governments are formed to ensure and protect the inailiable rights of citizens . you have a right to life so a government should protect and secure that right to live . by defending you from aggressors , by discouraging murder , and by building and funding medical facilities and services . you have the right to freedom of movement . therefore the government protects and provides for this right by building roads and transport methods . rights are those things inherent to being alive and sentient that all have regardless of their place and circumstances . you have the same rights a caveman did .
deleted
well we can agree on that so cheers ! i dont think ottos condition was a result of attempted suicide tho . one thing that doesnt add up about that theory is do you remember when north korea was saying that his condition was caused by botulism ? and then when we got him back our medical people said that doesnt make sense and theres no signs of botulism ? why would they make up a story like that if the truth was that otto attempted suicide and they did all they could to save him ? the truth wouldve been on their side in that scenario , so it doesnt make sense that they would go with an easily provable lie . if , on the other hand , this regime thats known for murdering , starving , and torturing , did actually cause his condition , it would be in their interest to make up a bs cover story . saying a bullshit lie to hide that you did something bad makes a lot more sense than saying a bullshit lie to hide the truth that you acted completely responsibly . i can concede that its possible , but i think your theory lacks supporting evidence , and theres a simpler theory with more evidence . did otto have any documented history of self harm or attempted suicide ? nk definitely has a history of making people dead . my final point is that the specifics of what happened to otto are not important , he is a symbol of the brutality of the north korean regime , and that is very real . this is trending on twitter and people are bringing it up because they dont think our president should be bffs with nk supreme leader . when people are talking about otto they are saying nk isnt a nice country that we want to be our bffs . we would rather be aligned with the eu and free , democratic countries than these brutal dictators , but trump loves dictators . otto is just one reason why . usa is supposed to be free , not a dictatorship , we dont like seeing our president embrace dictators and push away everyone else . even if you turn out to be right about the specifics , you need to include at least a sentence about how nk are no angels .
“ there is something exceedingly ridiculous in the composition of monarchy ; it first excludes a man from the means of information , yet empowers him to act in cases where the highest judgment is required . the state of a king shuts him from the world , yet the business of a king requires him to know it thoroughly ; wherefore the different parts , by unnaturally opposing and destroying each other , prove the whole character to be absurd and useless. ” thomas paine , common sense
removed
maybe i 'm just not educated enough , bit why is there even a va system nowadays ? would n't it just be easier to give them medicare and medicaid ?
no need to ease up on huawei ... i think it is better to keep the pressure on china ’ s darling .
oh no ! /s
yeah because it 's not a deceptive headline . its exactly what he said .
hi ` internetmaster5000 ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your comment has been removed for the following reason s : your comment does not meet our comment civility rules . please be civil . if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
with how much parental help ?
removed
no , what they really want is to get $ 775 per day each for human storage . then only spend about $ 50 a day or less per stored human so that they can maximize profits . it ’ s not because they ’ re racist , nazi scumbags . it ’ s because they ’ re greedy , racist , scumbags who only resemble nazis in methodology . racism is secondary to the all mighty dollar . it ’ s there , but 2nd in importance . it ’ s not fascism , it ’ s capitalism , with human trafficking thrown in to get a few more summer homes and maybe another billion in the bank . they ’ re just dirty mexicans , what ’ s the big deal ? /s
birtherism and health rumors ... it ’ s like the 2016 campaign in fast forward .
deleted
removed
yeah , i am sure they are happy about it . what year is it again ? i get so confused sometimes with trump 's administration in power . just out of curiosity , what group do you think should be eliminated next to keep that good ol american power ?
so basically this is them preparing the base for when the murder of political dissidents start . they will say , well all of the strong leaders are doing it and that ’ s what it takes to make america great . they are setting the fuckin stage for it right before your eyes .
did you read the article ?
& gt ; this guy did save tens of thousands of lives like last fucking week say what now ?
removed
it 's not much of a train when you refuse to shovel any coal in the furnace
... based on the ballots cast by the citizens of each state , containing the names of the people nominated for president . you 're splitting hairs .
removed
can we start with him ?
deleted
we got a live one !
these fucking type of people , punching down at the weak , willing to die on the hill of their cristian morals and superiority . but when it comes to making business and profit you can be fucking hitler 2.0 and it will not matter , just shake his bloody hand . fucking twofaced assholes .
notsofun fact : according to the un ’ s definition of genocide ... we already are . separating brown kids from their parents at the border is genocide .
deleted
hi ` recnacsimsinimef ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your comment has been removed for the following reason s : your comment does not meet our comment civility rules . please be civil . if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
thank you
ctrl f “ pete buttigieg ”
yes , these assholes would have actually succeeded
i 'm just saying that my perspective on the republican party comes from a varied life experience at least for someone who 's 26 , not a `` superstitious , uneducated ... poor person with a shitty life trying to convince themselves their life is n't bad '' . you 're like many other democrats so high and mighty in figuring what politics are best for me and others , thinking that those on the right must be dumb for `` voting against their interests '' . that 's the person who i 've been talking to another condescending dem thinking he knows what 's best for everyone , when really he ought to take his policies , shove it up his rear , and sod off back to whatever blue hellhole he believes is paradise . you 've got yours , and i 've got mine . go ahead and feel `` pity '' or whatever it is you want to feel . as for me , i 'll continue finding the costly infighting on your side amusing .
removed
she already supports m4a in the senate and says so on her website . the “ backpedal ” was about banning private insurance something nobody will do when it comes to cosmetic surgery
fox news should adress trump 's drug addiction 's , then his tie , and then his wasteline . after that they can have an open panel discussion about his failed hair transplants , and the top 10 ways to cure bags under the eyes and beltline .
better watch it or next time itll be lemonade . obv some cuccumber too
stating a fact is n't a defense of the fact . cancer kills people . that is a fact . i am not defending cancer with that statement . the state has a monopoly on violence . that is a fact . not a defense .
and a series of massive cave systems all over that terrain .
these attacks are not working . the democrats better step up their game beyond these passiveaggressive attacks . we need more substance , real thought out criticisms instead of these lazy insults .
they came first for the illegal immigrants . and i did not speak up because i was not an illegal immigrant . then they came for the naturalized citizens , and i did not speak up because i was a born citizen . then they came for the activists , and i did not speak up because i was not an activist . then they came for the democrats , and i did not speak up because i was an independent . then they came for me . and by that time , no one was left to speak up .
who knew threatening peoples lives could come back on ngo and have consequences . everyone except andy apparently .
removed
... if you are absolute shit as a leader . carlson has long been a right wing parody , but damn .
why does everyone go to gender studies as an example as to why we shouldn ’ t pay student loan debt . you do realize most folks who go to college major in other things right ? just because you don ’ t understand how education works , doesn ’ t mean others should suffer .
where the patriarch of moscow has direct access to power .
yeah , i can see why she 's waiting . you got ta time this right .
removed
they do the same with racism , sexism and everything else offensive to the normal majority of people .
leading a country means saving people fuckmook .
deleted
deleted
holy shit thats insane
removed
deleted
somehow we managed to make it through the entire 8 years of obama without going to war with north korea or publicly fellating him . hmm guess there was a 3rd option .
america shamelessly kills more innocents than nk does
not sure about that . no american president had the balls to do this .
one thing joe has going for him is that he ’ s the only serious candidate running a center left campaign . all the other major candidates are splitting the progressive vote .
it 's not but it 's a useful hypocrisy of the office . obama , bush , any president in our past can talk about peace and shit but then order people 's deaths on the reg . obama was known for the drone double tap and he won a nobel peace prize .
perhaps government 's role should be to represent and support it 's people , not be so corrupt and immoral that the people are forced to `` stand up to it '' .
& gt ; “ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world , ” mr carlson said during the phone interview on fox news . & gt ; “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . `` there 's no defending the north korean regime ... '' proceeds to defend the north korean regime . the north korean regime ... .. jfc this is embarrassing .
why does this grown man with a fifth grader 's haircut have a public platform
removed
removed
removed
what a piece of shit .
removed
using a point to show that a point is not a point is not as good as using a nonpoint to show that a point is not a point . using a horse to show that a horse is not a horse is not as good as using a nonhorse to show that a horse is not a horse . heaven and earth are one point and the ten thousand things are killing a few people zhuangzi
i think the worst part of the whole thing was the hypocrisy .
okay , now connect that weird confession to the topic at hand .
deleted
fwiw i agree with the gist of your original position that forced arbitration is unfair . i just think you would be better able to defend your position if you better understood the actual law and how the constitution works and who it regulates .
real estate is more of a front . the family business is swindling .
remember when lbj risked his reputation and career to sign the civil rights and voting rights acts ? biden did the opposite .
how do you believe that ? like how ? she gets on of the biggest stages in the country running and a free ad to like 25 million people watching and millions more following the campaign . if she genuinely wanted to improve america why would n't she run for major ? congresswoman ? or literally \\any\\ elected position before the presidency .
does it , tucker ? ... does it ?
unless this story ends with tucker carlson being left in one of north korea 's finest prison camps , i ca n't see any good outcome to this story .
the ec makes some votes worth more than others . it 's not a straight popular vote victory .
child marriage apologist tucker carlson
take your daughter to work week .
as a senator she ’ s signed on to it what more could you want ? she supports it
wtf what is the world coming to ... why the fuck are we normalising the actions of a terror state dprk ?
because only 18 year olds are allowed to take out student loans lol instead of a one time buyout that does nothing to solve the underlying issue , maybe we make loans dischargable through bankruptcy . let people who made bad financial decisions take the hit , and then work to reform the system to contain costs . instead we are just promising bread and circuses to pander to the far left portion of the base .
the er , i believe , is mandated to help whether you can pay or not . all other services typically require insurance or one ’ s ability to pay out of pocket which typically is an astronomical expense on the average person ’ s wallet .
because they literally enable that shit .
deleted
agreed !
they do . i think all stem majors should have more fine arts classes included for graduation . arts do showcase our humanity and condition but i do n't believe a college degree with it 's main focus on playing an instrument or interpreting art is truly beneficial to every human . but if you wan na pursue that 's cool , college should be much cheaper for them but not totally subsidized .
ok dude lol my bad , i really do n't think you should stress so much about it but obviously you 're very into it so i wo n't say shit , but at least you 're actually doing something about what you believe in . i still think it 's weird you brought up moral failures though , most people do n't have time to worry about politics when there 's so much more in their personal lives to worry about , so you 're gon na hate a lot of people if you think like that . i 'm honestly jealous you 're able to care so much because i 'm basically just constantly worrying about stupid shit going on in my life .
removed
that was obama . i ca n't really see a positive with trump aside from the fact he pulls the mask off how shitty the country is .
removed
`` if a few ngers got ta be killed in the name of freedom , so be it ! '' tucker 's subtext here
it 's almost likes these peices of shit held the oregon government hostage by forming a terrorist force and threatening them and then cried because someone did n't pit up with it .
that ’ s actually not what you said , you claimed the only reason for separation was to avoid trafficking . i never claimed obama was intending to scare people . i don ’ t think he had any ill will towards migrants but he definitely wasn ’ t interested in meaningfully improving their treatment by ice and border patrol don ’ t let the understandable desire to never concede a point to conservatives make you a hypocrite . they obviously don ’ t care about immigrants , but they aren ’ t wrong when they say many liberals didn ’ t say a word while similar things were happening under obama . we need to hold politicians of both parties accountable for this , even though one is worse than the other
i ’ m ivanka ’ s age and actually like her dress , but it ’ s completely inappropriate to wear in a professional setting where you ’ re meeting with world leaders . i wouldn ’ t even wear that dress meeting with local city council members .
it ’ s somewhere between bob dylan and the small faces “ ogden ’ s nut flake ” with a few modern references .
removed
wtf ? where did that come from ? lol . this is why you dont huff glue .
you ca n't have farleft and farright militant groups brawling out in the street in a big battle royale like that , unacceptable .
obviously . not sure we are on topic anymore however . the interview in question had carlson saying that while terrible and indefensible , this type of stuff happens all the time by many leaders of the world . look at countries in the middle east . many of them have terrible human rights violations under their belt but we haven ’ t refused to play nice with them in the past when it suited out needs .
deleted
super ! let 's legitimize a hostile regime ! he could n't boost the north korean leaders legitimacy any more than this ... . ya know ... except honoring him with a visit to the white house like a peer
i can ’ t wait until the charges are filed over this !
very fine people on both sides . now is not the time to cash in on this tragedy . someone think of the poor nazi blogger who doxxes victims of hate crimes .
this is not the beginning . fox has been doing this shit for 20 years . its a long con , and they 're winning .
they tried coming in the trump admin approved way . they tried the dangerous way because they realized there was no hope . it 's exactly the opposite effect of what someone who wants `` strong borders '' should want .
one of the only good things about american presidential elections is that we actually have real term limits as opposed to russia . putin has been in office for almost 20 years . trump is leaving eventually regardless of if he somehow wins again .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
removed
removed
aoc is as qualified for her position as ivanka is for hers .
and people wonder why the term “ fake news ” gained so much traction .
yeah did n't they post something on twitter about trump ruling like this ?
what about the black people who voted for him ? are they racist too ?
how disingenuous of you . i do n't know if you have a comprehension problem or not but my post was saying that context matters and yes , i want to know what happened prior to him getting punched . this is the same person that led his proud boy friends to a women and they beat her with a metal pipe and broke her spine . he played the victim then too .
he 's a modern day lewis black .
2014 , sadly , was the very first year the majority of americans supported gay marriage , according to pew
i ’ d prefer a vat because i can limit how much i pay by not consuming much .
removed
never ! assholes are a part and parcel problem .
i mean there 's plenty of that right here .
fucking gross
deleted
well trump went in the wrong direction on that one , so we need to fix it . nothing wrong with taxing billionaires , imho .
as defense attorney . that 's actually the good way of working within the system .
closer to peace ? we 're in the same state with n korea we 've been in since 1954 . trump met last year with kim and absolutely nothing has come from that meeting . not one fucking thing . ffs do the research any 10 year old can do for once .
well , go ahead ... make sense of it . make sense of the need for atrocities . not warfare , like dropping atomic bombs , i mean atorcities of leaders ordering the murder of their own citizens . go ahead and make sense of that for me , please .
do n't kill a few people in the same basket .
after the crash in ‘ 08 many of the foreclosed property was bought out by financial chains to turn around and rent . imo these moneymakers would rather do away with home ownership and get everyone to rent .
those who were in or had family in japanese concentration camps in wwii could have reason to be offended at someone trying to monopolized the term for only german camps . it 's a generic term , and that 's how it was used . it 's the right that ran with it being attributed to the nazis and then turning around to call her antisemitic . i do n't blame someone who has a personal stake in this being drawn into the created controversy , but it 's created drama meant for attack purposes and to downplay the actual crisis at the border happening right now to adults and children .
removed
the majority of people do n't know that . they do n't even know what she was talking about . she `` won '' because she got the sound bite that they keep playing over and over because it was dramatic .
he meant to say he was an anchor for his mother .
is it truly your belief that the richest americans work hard enough to earn thousands of times more than the rest of us ?
deleted
you ca n't be turned away for life saving emergency care in theory , but you can be denied in other cases . even then , you 're billed for it all the same , and a failure to pay can lead to garnishment and property liens like any other bill . it can get pretty ghoulish , too . a patient 's death does n't wipe the bill away , and while your bills ca n't go to your children , debtors have first dibs on your estate . so if you get sent to the emergency room and die , the hospital can tally up as many charges as it can reasonably claim and clean out any life insurance funds or property that you may have , leaving nothing for your family .
saw this scene last nightpossible spoilers but the fact this show was written a couple years ago , and literally this debate is happening this week it really got to me . here is the full dialouge . `` ctual dialouge from the scene , year after year , set in 2026scary as hell '' but let ’ s look at the words . let ’ s stare them down . the word concentration simply means a concentration of anything . if you filled a camp with oranges , it would be a concentration camp , by dint of the oranges being concentrated , simple as that . i ’ ve made it sound rather tasty . and the notion of a concentration camp goes way back . to the nineteenth century . the boer war . they were british inventions , built in south africa to house the men , women and children made homeless by the conflict . refugees ! you see ? everything is older than we think . and everything old , happens again . i ’ ll let you get on with it . but she stays but it ’ s worth pointing out . if you consider these erstwhile sites . and how to make them work . they will never stop filling up , never , absolutely never , these problems will never go away , believe me , i can see the vast migration of people stretching ahead for centuries . so what if we look back ? through history . because the british found a way to empty those camps in south africa . all those years ago . they simply let nature take its course . the camps were crowded , and pestilent , and noxious , they were rife with disease , which was , on the one hand , regrettable , and on the other hand , fitting . because a natural selection process took place , and the population of the camps controlled itself . you might call it neglect . or you might call it efficient . and it was kitchener who did this . kitchener ! your country needs you . and , let ’ s say another word , some people called this policy genocide . but have you ever heard of it ? the camps , the boers , the result ? have you ? all mutter , shake heads , no . viv rook cont ’ d have you read about it ? were you taught it ? do we remember it ? all stronger , no , no . viv rook cont ’ d we forget it . because it worked . stands , leaving i ’ ve said enough . thank you
holy shit , that is one homoerotic title .
i agree that we should n't accept it . but this is not a thing of the past . america has continually killed innocents regularly since its existence , regardless of who the president is or which party has the majority
& gt ; the order establishes a task force to look at best practices and directs the state board of education to take several steps . those steps include promoting lgbtq students ' rights in schools , and developing procedures for concerns such as student records , names and pronouns , and dress codes . good for him .
deleted
antifa , is indeed , nothing . the white nationalist lunatic in the white house and the batshit right wing cult bred and indoctrinated by decades of right wing media ... .are anything but .
you 're right , but i think both sides need to chill the fuck out looking for violence .
we ’ ll have to see what happens . awhile back there were reports that the trump campaign saw biden as their biggest threat . i took the kamala comment as another sign that the president hates both black people and women .
& gt ; ever since /r/the_quarantined event we 're seeing some feeble minded souls wandering around in sane people 's discussions . holy crap are we . if only they really were quarantined , or if there was some vaccine we could give reddit that would inoculate the world from them .
hi ` qu1nlan ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason : already submitted : this article has been submitted to /r/politics within the last three days : i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
to be fair , that would be really confusing .
how much speaking time did he get in total ?
ooh , sorry . that 's the united states constitution , not the rules of the universe . also , it 's debatable if that applies you 'd have to show that `` general welfare '' includes a limitation on the number of buses people should have to take . good luck with that .
true
antifa super soldier wins battle royale # 1 every time devs please nerf
hi ` koeleskab ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your comment has been removed for the following reason s : your comment does not meet our comment civility rules . please be civil . if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
petition to deport tucker carlson to north korea
& gt ; giving money to corporations to `` create jobs '' is an idiot notion for people who do n't know basic supply and demand and this explains why republicans are antieducation .
& gt ; we fought a civil war . our leader was assassinated before the work was done . everybody who came after dropped the ball , and it was allowed to fester . you know lincoln told frederick douglass that black people had to leave the us after emancipation right ? because he did n't want , nor believed a integrated society was possible .
joe biden 's health and kamala 's forged birth certificate orchestrated the sept 11 moon vaccines !
and yet don ’ t you dare say that they should be opposed by any measure other than the ballot box or public debate . don ’ t you dare .
that does n't matter , because there will always be someone who wants to stand up to the man
tucker joins the 🇰🇵juche gang🇰🇵
removed
tucker carlson 2024 : `` a good white man ca n't make an omelette without breaking a few gay , black , jew , atheist , liberal eggs ! ''
why don ’ t people print out those bible verses on large signs and take to the streets with them ? that or post those bible verses to all forms of social media . make these people come face to face with their own hypocrisy .
ok can we get tucker to the front of the line then ?
it 's so humiliating . /s he is actually trying to make a relationship with a dictator so he can hopefully make a deal . while obama did n't step foot in nk and got a nobel prize for doing nothing .
removed
nope . one is an action of mob mentality and the other is state sponsored .
there ’ s no video to watch this a fan piece by “ business insider ” meant to keep you far from the actual video of ivanka embarrassing our nation .
that 's outstanding
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
& gt ; tucker is known to state hard truths as a guise of introducing a segway of his talking points . known to just roll through on a segway to defend atrocities .
double standards .
r/selfawarewolves
bad faith argument . nothing to see here folks . just an angsty butthurt gop parrot squawking about whataboutisms and trying to normalize murdering people and what nk is doing .
grab that pussy , amiright ?
you ca n't put lipstick on killing a few people
printing too much money makes it worthless . post world war 2 germany is an example .
a bird in the hand is worth killing a few people .
no . i am arguing that sometime , appearance matters .
simon says touch your killing a few people .
removed
deleted
the quarantine has been rough on all of us , get help and you 'll be okay .
you 're seriously comparing a bunch of oregon state representatives in the minority party holing up with out of state militia extremists in an attempt to block climate change legislation that the voters want with the underground railroad . that is utterly despicable and you fucking know it .
don trump also graduated with a degree in economics from wharton . i honestly think that what he learned from that school is crap . they 're going to have to work very hard to recover their reputation as far as i 'm concerned .
except you ca n't justify saying `` ruling a country means killing people '' by saying `` i 'm not defending north korea '' . you ca n't say i 'm not a racist and say racist shit and get away with it . what this fucker is doing by saying things like this is softening the blow of trump acting like this for the zombies watching fox news , because some of them might not be fully brain dead and get confused about why something they were told is unforgivable and weak under obama is suddenly good and a sign of strength .
removed
& gt ; of which still does not provide the photographs or videos you promise of biding `` groping , grabbing and kissing women '' right , that would be the first source you refuse to acknowledge & gt ; if these accusations were so offensive why wait years to report . one woman speaks out and others jump on the bandwagon for their 15 mins of fame . surely you apply the same scrutiny to the accusers of , say , trump or kavanaugh .
what do those agreements say ? this all signals a concession to nk for nothing in return . trump has antagonized kju to the brink of war and now he 's attempting to reel it back . he has n't made progress , he 's taken two steps back and one step forward .
then why does he have the highest unfavorables in all the democratic primary polling ?
removed
hamberdler 😂
do n't forget charles ranlett flint and thomas j. watson sr .
neither is being a bartender
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
low iron , clears right up after drinking fresh blood from a newborn .
deleted
he knew he 's just mewling because he knows his audience will support his fallacious palaver .
because he is gop .
/r/inclusiveor
if the same conditions led to the deths of children then manslaughter should at the very least be on the table .
killing a few people is ok but if the government tries to collect taxes for roads or schools then it is infringing on my rights
`` there 's no defending the north korean regime ... on the other hand '' \defends the north korean regime\
he should slip one in her paper every day . tell her they 've made it an insert .
removed
depends on what source you happen to see from the media . i ca n't get anything reliable from the fake news . definitely not what you 're saying . either way , her degree has n't done much for her other than her making an ass out of herself . you call me ignorant , but you support someone like her ? you ca n't tell me with a serious face that you think she knows what she 's doing .
removed
the cartoon is brilliant :
taking a stroll 20 ft and back for a photo op is not any kind of achievement .
& gt ; hmm i wonder why people should care about a dude with a cut bruises and milkshake over him when this happened because conservative feelings are more important than anything in this world .
guests , like fish , begin to smell after killing a few people .
democrats should pull an eastwood and debate an empty chair , only instead of debating a bullshit conspiracy strawman version of trump like eastwood did of democrats , they can just debate trump 's prior answers to problems .
takes one to know one i guess
yep , it 's one of the few blights i have , but it really shows how not liberal obama was made out to be by the rat fuckers at fox .
i mean it 's fucked up but kinda true every president probably has some blood on their hands . now this by no means excuses the actions of the north korean .
deleted
and if it 's you , and you did n't do anything to endanger the sovereignty of the state or any person ?
removed
dementia does that .
you 're joking but that 's seriously not even out of the realm of possibility anymore . which i guess you 're aware of.. this just fucking sucks
wow . not that bright , are we jethro ?
you 're missing the forest for the trees . this is not about the concentration camp . this is one in a series of takes over the last several years where tucker adopts the language of revolutionary leftists to justify his ethnonationalism just like the nazi party did in the 30s . no one is more of a true ethno nationalistic socialist than tucker in today 's msm environment . that said , the dprk is way less bad than the state department and corporate media would have you believe . often times information is blatantly fabricated news that is designed to paint dprk in a negative light like the numerous instances of media reporting the execution of so and so official and then they appear on tv a couple months later . i 'm not saying the dprk is good , because i am not a fan of any hierarchical system of governance , but i 'd argue that the us is at least just as bad if not worse . in the dprk they imprison people for dissent because they see it as detrimental to the social project and again i do not agree with that , but it is at least an ideological justification for imprisoning people . in the us we imprison people more because of their race than anything else . we imprison black and hispanic people at obscenely high rates relative to other races . we essentially make existing as a person of color illegal just as the nazis did with jews .
5 years , 10 years , 20 years ? does it at all change the core message ? `` not that long ago '' . let 's all just nitpick the stupid details and phrasing and grill someone who has been pro lgbt for a long time , instead of focusing on the message he 's actually promoting . this is how we 're gon na end up with 4 more years of trump . `` candidate x is n't perfect enough . ''
nobody said your taxes would double , where did you get that argument ? you 're already paying for walmart employee 's food stamps and bank bailouts and tax cuts to the rich on top of corporate kickbacks and illegal wars abroad not the mention the concentration camps in the border , so why would you protest when healthcare is being discussed ? at the very least , this expense will actually do some good for the american people instead of everything that i just listed , which only benefits the rich .
i honestly don ’ t even remember i was probably more concerned about my sports than financial instruments at the age of 17 . also i notice that you completely fail to address the point that the government uses debt and interest rates only to control monetary policy for banks . there is no purpose of a governing body to make interest off of students . in fact it is corrosive to the economy because it delays the fundamental wealth building block of a generation in owning property . in addition it is extreme concerning your inability to recognize that countries who are offering free college are trying to take the us ’ s market share in intellectual property and innovation initially created by cheap public universities . an autocratic china will beat us if you keep your mindset of “ i got mine so piss off ” .
the expectation that nk 's regime not be legitimized by a potus visit without giving anything at all is older than smart phones , older than sms texting , older than car phones even .
yes , i do . maybe not most , but there are plenty individuals pushing for much more than what i have explained . there are some that obviously think that my logic is fairly reasonable , while others have called me racist because i support border security . asylum is certainly a valid reason for entry , but it is not a valid reason for illegal entry . if you 're going to claim asylum , i believe you still should have to be processed and wait for that if necessary , and moreorless have your claims validated that you are seeking asylum and why . in general i do n't believe a lot of the current migrants are simply asylum seekers , as they 're already away from their home country and in mexico .
removed
right you are madam ...
bad faith polls
so god damned infuriating , but now expected .
you ’ d think you ’ d be more informed about someone you hate so much .
it 's not up to him . our elections are administered at state and local levels , not federally . if he attempted to run for a hypothetical third term , he would be declared ineligible to even appear on the ballot .
removed
tbh it was kinda a low blow to insinuate he was racist the guy worked with obama for 8 years . but i agree he should say the segregationists were wrong
do n't forget to bring a killing a few people .
exactly . if i were in charge my hospital wouldn ’ t hire smokers or the morbidly obese as policy .
removed
deleted
great idea , starting with him .
fun fact : republicans like to use this all the time agajnst chelsea clinton . who , has a bs , 2 ms , and a phd . while her parents name may have got her into stanford for her bs , literally everything past that was her own accomplishment . ivanka has a ba in economics from the wharton school of business , which she got into as a legacy . no advanced degrees .
no . you vote for the electors tied to that candidate , but there is no law preventing them from voting for someone else . only a few states put penalties on it for faithless electors , but none invalidate the vote .
fake news . title : `` fox host tucker carlson defends north korean regime '' carlson : `` there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world . '' `` it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . '' this is how the masses get manipulated because most people only read the title and then the independant try to hide the story for context behind a paywall
how is that antisemitic ?
this is why time travel needs to be on the table .
this needs to be closer to the top . this is how we really hurt these fuckers .
it 's not up to him . our elections are administered at state and local levels , not federally . if he attempted to run for a hypothetical third term , he would be declared ineligible to appear on the ballot .
removed
i vaguely remember being on shift fox news constantly played on the tvs at my work , i do n't watch it otherwise around the time north korea was testing its weapons systems and listening to tucker carlson and the rest of fox news rant about how north korea needed to be destroyed and how heroic donald trump was for threatening `` fire and fury ''
woopie . a warhawk personally hired by trump has been replaced by an antiwar pundit personally invited by trump . here 's me playing the smallest violin for the shithawks infesting both parties that will run cover for bolton at the drop of a hat .
sure auschwitz was bad and all , but did the nazis own the libs ? ? ? if so the right fails to see your reasoning . ends upsetting normal people who have a fucking conscience/do n't give into their basest tribalist instincts read : libs justify the means for them .
deleted
yes and the context of this entire post thread from the start to the finish has been about combatting the stereotype that exists about it being an arbitrary barrier .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
just because your against something bad doesn ’ t make you good . if i formed a group called the anti child rape league and we hated black people and gay people , would we be the good guys ?
& gt ; vomments that term is a keeper .
yes .
does he live in israel ?
removed
i do n't agree with you there , but i do n't necessarily want to drag that whole argument out . all i 'm saying is he stumbled and did n't really have a good defense prepared , when he should 've known full well it would come up on night 2 . he also did n't have an answer that i thought would appeal to the wider audience of democratic primary voters , who usually like the idea of a bigger federal government stepping in to protect the rights of marginalized groups .
deleted
a spoonful of sugar helps the killing a few people go down .
was n't funny when rush no credentials whatsoever said it .
“ take them out back and shoot them. ” “ i ’ d a just shot him right then and there. ” “ they oughta just round these people up and do away with them. ” mostly for non violent things . him saying these things when it is for a violent offense , somehow seems less harsh . that ’ s how normalized it ’ s been for me .
that 's cool to hear that it 's working .
she 's donald trump 's daughter and in all likelihood , his right hand in every business process he 's involved with . you 'd have to be a complete knob to disregard that in favor of someone like aoc , whether you like trump or not .
every human being is entitled to health care
we the people of the united states , in order to murder some of us ...
it 's already phase 6 of the genocide scale :
flipped on a fucking dime . i don ’ t know how anyone can vote for republicans . there ’ s literally they stand for , they can go from supporting to demonizing in the span of an hour and back again with no hint of irony
canadian here . made me snort in my timmy 's , eh ? the boy , he do try hard , do n't he ? :
i still believe they were only separated to avoid trafficking . they were still housed till they received a trial or deported or whatever , but yes i agree democrats don ’ t really care , to an extent . i do feel as though democrat ’ s would like much more open borders because the immigrants are much more likely to vote for them , but ultimately they don ’ t care for the person most of the time .
hilary is a lawyer
water is the essence of beauty .
that ’ s probably the most frustrating part . sometimes it isn ’ t the action it is in this case but the lack of consistency in the matter . does it all really come down to “ he ’ s an ignorant mf so we ’ ll allow anything he does ” ?
people are ruled by their biological urges , there 's only so much one can will themselves to do . forgoing easily accessible luxuries and volunteering take a lot of willpower which many people just do n't have . however , voting requires extremely little willpower and so everyone should be expected to vote for what is right .
removed
are you raking in money though ? why be self employed if you ’ re not ?
& gt ; he honestly has been slurring quite a bit yeah but i think he 's hitting a limit with his adderall . at least he was able to walk and talk to kim this weekend without assistance .
he was n't fired after the cartoon he was fired before that
deleted
isn ’ t this the guy who brought up benghazi every chance ? not justifying it , just pointing out hypocrisy
removed
i ’ ve known several people like this . i ’ ve concluded that they have a hard time processing words like most people do , so have to reenact the conversation as it occurs .
this is it exactly ... though one thing to note is that often the populist leader and scapegoat stage is also usually funded , supported , propped up by the small group of capitalists as a measure to prevent the working class from turning to socialist alternatives
i didn ’ t . i just wanted the answer , and i got it from another poster . i ’ m editing to respond to you . my interpretation of your response may seem a bit clunky , but bear with me please . i do genuinely appreciate your enthusiasm . the youth are being sucked dry by a predatory system that promised them a career if they just payed a lot more than they ever could afford for a piece of paper , and it was all a lie ... except for the money they still expect . this is an injustice that can easily be fixed like many others , to the benefit of the whole of the country , with a simple tax increase . we all know it ’ s not that simple . thats why i came here looking for an answer to how these new taxes would be enforced upon the people who disagree with the people who believe in them most . the answer is violence. , and always will be violence . when you have decided that you have the moral high ground nothing is off limits . anyone who opposes your utopian ideals has been dehumanized to the point that it doesn ’ t matter what happens to them . you may see this as a nice little gesture to give worthy people a leg up . the thing is you aren ’ t morally superior because you ’ ve been oppressed , no one is . i don ’ t like where any of this is heading . probably because i ’ m a terrible person who doesn ’ t care about clean water .
deleted
deleted
it ’ s also true . unlike 90 % of what comes from wapo .
did the democrats learn anything in 2016 ?
i 'm not against paying for everyone 's college , in fact i am for bernie sanders , i 'm just pointing out why it 's never going to work . do you really think our government is going to pay for everyone 's college when today that is one of the only motivators to get people to sign up for the army ? i guess that since it will no longer have the motivator of a free college they 'll just have to start the draft again . i 'm sorry man but you 're just going to have to pay for your college , because it 's not going to happen .
yeah , nk was using him as a pawn . they only returned him because he was about to die . it was n't some huge diplomatic feat .
thanks for the input , fucker i mean , tucker .
wow . dude ... i do n't know how any sane person can say what you just said . i think you need to seriously do some research , do some selfreflection . you are literally saying `` maybe fascism is happening , but who are we to know . we did n't see it , so how can we trust those telling us about it ''
kill two birds with one killing a few people
what in the actual fuck ...
trump jr makes his dad look like stephen hawking
deleted
it is what it is . if it really comes down to needing the media to tell us what to do , and the media is being controlled , then what is that implying ? i do n't think all of us are stupid , just the ones who have a problem with the status quo but do n't understand that fighting a dysfunctional and manipulated system means giving up their old lives . we 're not going to peacefully protest and vote our way out of this .
tbh , anyone going into politics has to have a pretty high level of `` functional meanness '' to them . obama and carter will help you change a tire , no doubt , but if you are in a race with them , they will throw the nails out behind them at the start line .
technically scaramucchi 's worst week was also his best
. . . since ivanka 's job involves fucking donald trump , i 'd say that 's a feature , not a bug .
& gt ; you 're clearly incapable of comprehending anything i 've written . he says again , unironically ... . try to explain how this correction of past events is erasing said event from , to use your words ; the annals of history . who is being forgotten here ? who is being erased ? hint : not a single soul . we 'll still know their names , we 'll still know their faces , the only thing that changes is they wo n't have `` recipient of the medal of honor for actions that constituted a genocide next to their bios . something does not compute when the people who suffered the effects of this massacre , people who have been fighting for this bill for absolute years are somehow taking those pages out of the history books and ripping them out according to your perception and as such , you believe these men should be kept on the honor rolls because it preserves a version of history , one you seem to be on the opposite side of . like i said ... .there is a fundamental disconnect between you claiming this is deleting a history people are literally fighting politically to have recognized and the very people this history is personal to . the same logic rears its head in the debate surrounding confederate monuments on state grounds . very odd indeed ... but entirely seethrough in terms of its insidiousness . & gt ; have a great life i fully intend to . try to do the same . american history as it is currently framed is highly bleached , sanitized and white washed pun absolutely intended . expect more of these `` corrections '' as minorities continue to gain more political clout . it 's about fucking time . p.s . none of my questions were rhetorical . you 're free to address them at your leisure just as free as you are to cop out and scarper
just opposition research as far as i can tell .
tucker carlson would feed you into a meat grinder if it means triggering the libs . he is not your friend .
wtf how could you ever consider trump an ally lol
a loan is a easy concept to grasp , its really not rocket science .
calm down , i didn ’ t defend either of them and i don ’ t like mccain .
tell that to our policy makers # bitcoin
lol daily wire
sellers raise prices even further . you seem uneducated on the affordability issue .
dunno , but fivethirtyeight shows that he is the candidate that spoke the most words out of both nights .
saying something is normal is not condoning it . get off your high horse , take a step back and take an objective look at who the usa is . we 've never been a morally rich nation . the fact of the matter is , in this world leading a nation usually does mean killing people ; innocent people . it 's horrible and should n't be accepted but it 's not untrue
dont forget that the 250k house in nj also has $ 700 a month in taxes .
what do you mean “ if it ’ s you ? ”
deleted
`` i 'm not defending north korea but ... ''
removed
right ? biden ’ s the favorite by a lot . i ’ ll be pleasantly surprised if it ’ s one of the other four .
i know ... did you see that sideeye ivanka got , from lagarde ? mmmmhmmm ...
deleted
& gt ; hoarding on to wealth & gt ; & gt ; preventing it from recirculating into the economy i think you misunderstand how savings work . nobody is hoarding wealth . the only actual way to `` hoard '' wealth where the money is not going somewhere else in the economy is if you hide it under your mattress which is a terrible investment considering time value of money and inflation ; hence pretty irrational to assume any person able to accumulate high levels of wealth would store it in this fashion . when you hold cash which is often a minority of a hni portfolio in a bank , the bank lends it out to others and circulates money in the economy through their spending . most hni portfolios contain fixed assets , fund deposits , stocks and other assets ; these vehicles are all used to finance those who need money , i.e . new businesses/new projects/new anything that will create economic benefit or else they would n't be a very sound investment ; think which bank would give money to something that would n't enough cash to pay back . the closest case you can get to `` hoarding wealth '' is trading in a secondary market like a stock exchange , however wealth is still not `` hoarded '' here as it changes hands in every trade and eventually that money will be traded to a hand that takes it out of a secondary market . a very very very small amount of wealth is held in greenbacks .
it makes sense that he 's defending the murderous nk regime .
could be worse . trump might listen to bolton or pompeo .
removed
who are these people he is talking about ? what if that person is tucker carlson ? would he still agree to that statement ? such an idiotic thing to say ...
hi ` terryloveslavender ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason : already submitted : this article has been submitted to /r/politics within the last three days : i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
ivanka 's job is not at all the same as meghan 's . ivanka is being paid by our government . by me and presumably , by you . she seems to think her job is to represent our country to other nations .
removed
i guess i misinterpreted what you meant , then . i was just thinking about the ballots themselves
only one dem has won the presidency in 20 years . was it the one running on 'change ' and 'universal healthcare ' ... by golly , yes , i think it was .
yep , i disagree with that too . whataboutism doesn ’ t make it right .
sometimes a cigar is just killing a few people .
removed
removed
removed
& gt ; ca n't wait for the entire republican party to die i would n't count on that , or at the least i would n't count on that being a good thing . look at pics of these right wing rallies , it 's not all 70 year old dudes hobbling around .
the largest dem faction are loyalists who will vote for whoever the party puts up . less than 10 % are conservatives like biden yes , he is the conservative wing of dems not `` moderate '' . the next largest are blacks . millenials , hispanics and the progressives are the remaining factions that usually do n't vote . put together , they could consume the party in leftliberalism . these are n't reddit statistics , this is what the polls say . so , the argument against liberals in favor of conservatives does n't hold .
removed
are you joking ? they literally waged wars and killed hundreds of thousands of people , started arbitrarily detaining people apparently now the us government claims they can indefinitely detain anybody , started spying on everyone in the us , then there was torture of course , bush withdrew from the abm treaty with russia setting the stage for the new armsrace , withdrew from the major climate treaty at the time . bush and cheney were absolutely undeniably worse than trump , they however were not so personally odious . or at least bush was n't .
& gt ; trump is just trying to do something photo ops and commemorative coins are technically `` something '' i guess .
yes , in 1978 and now people are stupid , cruel , and ignorant as fuck . what is you point ? are we moving forward or virtue signalling our preferred audience ?
he literally stole military constriction funds congress appropriated in 2018 for actual construction we need on aging military bases . anything to hurt our own national defense capabilities . it 's his personal motto .
it would be the equivalent of trump taking out various senators , or scotus judges and having them shot . it 's a primitive , foreign form of government . we do n't accept it , but we are sometimes forced to tolerate it . tucker saying it 's all fine and ok unveils him as a sycophant to tyrants and an amoral fool .
those aren ’ t people though . see how that works ? all you have to do is dehumanize your target . the us does it just like china . the us just spices the language up a bit and packages it as empowerment .
she does n't even go here !
i was “ gon na vote for hillary ” ? man , i did vote for her . anybody but trump in 16 and 20 !
it means get ready .
being a handbag designer qualifies her .
i do n't like aoc but she is correct . when i saw the meeting about to start and ivanka is sitting there , i am thinking , my god , what does she actually bring to the table . all of trump 's advisers must be doing a face palm . she must have gotten her degree in economics from trump u .
removed
whoever your econ teacher was failed . labor utilization , one of the factors defining the sustainable production capacity in an economy , has everything to with the how much labor an economy needs given it 's structural makeup . keep dumping labor in and you get continually diminishing returns and demand push inflation that does n't change the actual productive capacity . at sustainable levels , we have an amount of labor used , not as a percent of the population , but an actual amount . that 's why the nairu estimates vary widely in different countries with different economic structures . as we have limited demand for labor to satisfy the productive requirements companies hire to satisfy a production plan since perfectly competitive systems theorized in introductory econ classes do n't exist in nature adding more potentialial labor means more people trying to sell their labor bundling so unsuccessfully . when we have a lot of these people , the competitive situation for those jobs forces downward pressure on overall compensation , be that in the form of wages , working conditions , expected hours , or benefits .
“ it ’ s a choice , most of the time , between the bad people and the worse people. ” is he suggesting that don has chosen the worst people , or that there are even worse regimes than nk ?
if the atrocity is committed against you . sorry , i now realize my wording was vague .
& gt ; do you disagree that a group of people with an average iq of 98 will be more skilled strategists than a group of people with the average iq of 84 ? let 's turn the question around : do you believe that countries with a higher average iq than the us make for better strategists than us ? singapore has a ten point higher average than we do , what does that even mean for military strategy ? & gt ; iq is an accepted measure of intelligence . what iq test measures your aptitude to fight a guerilla war in your own home country ? it might be the sort of thing a singular number is n't a good measurement of .
ok ... so if they make more , then lower income people become representatives and then what ? obviously they are going to want more eventually ... where does it end ? also , when they 're all talking about taxing the rich , why are they exempt ? should n't they include themselves ?
i asked you a question about the meaningful distinction , or lack there of between the two words . if you ca n't portray a reasonable understanding of the terms , how is anyone to believe your claims ? and quarantine ? no subs i frequent have been banned recently , sorry .
during times and places of conflict and war , using rules of engagement agreed to by the parties of the world . in those instances nation 's use force targeted against a group believed to pose a threat to the safety of the nation and it 's people . this is vastly different from what 's occurring in north korea where the government is slaughtering it 's own people for dissent against the government for starving and slaughtering them . to portray a belief otherwise is either disingenuous or uneducated .
government and religion are by far the most destructive creations of man . people must stay vigilant and ready to throw off tyrants .
no it 's not . biden just is n't the right candidate . he 's been in politics too long and has n't evolved with regards younger generation .
you mean it 's a solution , but not quite the last one .
hi ` almondsesame ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason : off topic and already submitted i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
i 'm in my early 30s , same as my wife . we waited until last year to buy our first house . i had a vasectomy in my early 20s and just got it reversed because we decided that this year was the right year to start having kids . so we 're probably not going to actually have a kid until i 'm 33 or 34 . my dad had already owned two different houses by the time he was 26 . he had his first kid when he was 25 . he had his 2nd kid me when he was 32 , and my mom was 29 . and by that time , he was on his third house ; owned , not rented . they went through two bankruptcies in the 90s and was able to buy another house in the late 90s , where i finished out my growing up . we were poor ... but we always had a house . a fairly decent house at that , even if in a badish neighborhood . the only time we rented was for a 6 month period until the deal closed out on the house i eventually spent the rest of my childhood and teenage years in . i have a pretty decent job or , rather , a pretty decent resume and my wife has a good job . and though it was partially intentional to hold off on having kids , a lot of that was due to the fact that we wanted to settle down . going further into that , part of settling down was needing a house ... which we were not able to do until last year . where at the same age , my parents had already owned 2 houses , which is insane to me . i really do n't know if my parents were typical in their home buying habits , but i also know there are a lot more older folks in my parents age range who own their homes rather than rent and did at about the same age as me and my peers , whereas most people in my age group are still renting .
it would only be wrong if you had nothing of substance to add . as ivanka did .
& gt ; common sense tells us that if democrats were in charge , we ’ d likely be at war . if not with n. korea then with syria . wait wait , what is common sense about that ? you 're just making extreme statements now .
removed
yup . you 're still a dumbass .
i want free healthcare
& gt ; no or low down payment option , which is a misnomer because that downpayment gets rolled into the loan itself ... how is this a misnomer ? you do realize the downpayment is a percentage of the house 's value , right ? it 's not just a fee the salesperson throws on to say `` fu . '' did you think `` no downpayment '' meant you 'd get that portion of the home 's value for free ? lol ? & gt ; there 's not much to choose from because ... so now we get to the root of the issue , it 's not that you ca n't buy a house , it 's that you ca n't buy the house you want for the price you 'd like to pay . well ... there 's not much i can do for you there . houses cost money . nice houses cost a lot of money . what do you expect ? & gt ; it 's a time sink this is what realtors are for .
removed
oh i ’ ll take this bet !
speaking truth to power . fucking facists got this great man fired . is there a way to donate to him ?
first , because history . look into the first colonies and their early economies . second , because of every spoiled child ever . also , please do not compare billionaires to regular folk . greed knows no limits . they work because their work isnt hard and they crave the power they hold over people on the payroll . if you cant understand that , i 'm sorry you are n't familiar with reality .
quite frankly , i do n't think vp has anything to do with it . there 's no way both spots on the ticket go to black candidates . i think this is a guy who almost certainly has dealt with racism in his own life coming to the defense of someone because he knows from his own personal experience what it feels like and it sickens him .
he should be rotting in jail forever for this alone .
and they 're not gon na do it why ? people who own oil companies have lots of money with which to encourage our politicians to do whatever it takes to keep it flowing our way
woah ... so , that ’ s it , then . that ’ s the cliff , he jumped . good grief . 😳🙄
tell that to our policy makers . # bitcoin
he apparently supports the decision of a number of countries to turn away jews attempting to leave nazis germany . such as the united states .
that was bill clinton 's motto too and he visited north korea after he got out of office
but every decent person knows it ’ s a lie . there ’ s a difference .
40 years here . i loved that magazine when i was little . good on them for doing this .
`` players involved '' referring to governments , not tucker carlson . in this case north korea . but hey let 's see you put up some solutions then hot shot . how should a government maintain control over a developing nation rife with corruption and internal power struggles without the use of violence ? ? let 's hear your ideas champ .
what an idiot for believing that is what he said
it ’ s planned and suggestive . it ’ s setting the stage for his brain dead masses to accept it happening in america . anyone that thinks differently at this point is completely delusion . it ’ s germany in the 30s all over again . honestly , take a tally of all the small steps take over the last two years . deportations . detainment , vilifying the media and political dissidents . any opposition to trump and his administration is fake news or a coup . militias are patrolling the border in record numbers and some are even assisting state politicians in disrupting normal political operation and allowing them to continue there dereliction of duty . science and facts are becoming the enemy and all of trumps supporters thinks everyone that doesn ’ t agree with them is against them . it ’ s incredibly dangerous times and people need to start seeing it . i think this kind of talk is past the point of being alarmist and i ’ d imagine anything can happen at this point . i mean fuck , the republican party is actively fighting against election security and the supreme court just gave the go ahead on gerrymandering . all the while democrats continue to play nice .
wrong
it 's the same concept and you know it .
hi ` dreamslayerofficial ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : offtopic : all submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current us politics . if you have questions as to why your post has been removed , please see here : why was my post removed as offtopic ? if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
anyone got ta linksy i wan na see this with my own eyes
benghazi much ?
i do . it 's a great reason to have a public option that you can buy into on a highly subsidized basis . and there are a lot more people with employer based health care that vote . please do n't support someone that will make trump support seem reasonable on any metric .
you hit that nail right on the head .
deleted
removed
i may not agree with what you have to say , but i will defend to the death your right to killing a few people . edit : punctuation
i don ’ t really know where you ’ re going with this it ’ s about career qualifications , not government qualifications grow a fucking brain
itt : people who didn ’ t even open the link and knee jerked to the headline .
i mean we have a tariff going right now do we not ? assuming g20 does n't turn everything around
you probably have n't heard but the normalisation of murder started when the far left started celebrating abortion
deleted
i grew up in florida . i guarantee white kids were bussed excessively far . i was . at least in your case it was your leaders pushing for it ; in my case we were just politically powerless poor whites .
no .
chelsea has at least worked in charities and with her parents who had a life with policy and foreign affairs . ivanka asked daddy to buy her a jewelry business .
i ’ m a simple man . i see aoc , i sort by controversial .
hi ` ichigao44 ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : offtopic : all submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current us politics . if you have questions as to why your post has been removed , please see here : why was my post removed as offtopic ? if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
i do n't think it 's just that . past a certain point money is almost meaningless . maybe a new device could be entertaining for them , but nothing else would really matter . being able to lord their wealth and power over other people is another matter , though . so a change to the system that limits the power differential , even while making them more wealthy , is n't what they want .
removed
deleted
right . op was talking about trump , they said last year .
hi ` plainviewuvgf ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason : already submitted : this article has been submitted to /r/politics within the last three days : i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
hysterical . he ’ s literally quoted saying there ’ s no defending the north korean regime within an article with “ tucker carlson defends north korean regime ” in the headline .
i already know it is stupid . same with the other leaders , who basically ignored her .
so a very republican just agreed that a communist country leader is awesome.. let that sink in
preferably with his dna
the point is that this behavior is not exclusive to trump , or even to the right . being open about it may be exclusive to this administration though
you think saying “ clownworld ” is an intelligent observation , eh ? sounds like something a toddler in the midst of a tantrum would say , don ’ t you think ?
it 's dangerous to go alone , kill a few people
there 's more than one way to kill a few people .
will people like claire mccaskill ever get over 2016 ... ? you can still hear the hate it in their voices . as if he personally slighted them . they 're like playground bullies . take that shit to fox news or martha 's vineyard . claire mccaskill ca n't help herself anytime she speaks , she ca n't keep bernie out of her mouth . joy reid called bernie `` negative '' how ? by offering people education and healthcare ... ? by attending an mlk speech ? by marching for worker 's rights ? _real_ negative . why do n't they hate obama the same ? did `` obamaboy '' not resonate enough like `` berniebro '' ? zzz ... hillary 's campaign did nothing but stoke toxicity , just like trump 's campaign . it 's not our fault it backfired . and now we 're still paying the price . and just like trump 's fox news allies , `` liberal '' media allies eat up the democratic party establishment 's bullshit . if kamala did n't hit biden , they 'd still be pretending he was the chosen king lying about him , and in turn , offering trump the win on a platter because no criticism of the party is allowed . move on . your time has past . you have done enough damage .
i mean , i bought a house in a bigger/more expensive city 4ish years ago when i was 27 and i paid for all of my college myself as well as all of my house expenses i.e . zero family help . yeah , it can be harder for millennials to buy houses , but pretending that they can only do it with help from their families is just silly .
shes waiting for the ok from her corporate donors
removed
no
one would need to assume that she is n't a brick short . her father is and the apple does n't fall ...
this is how you lose . this is how you become the very thing you hate . this , this is the low road .
& gt ; depends on the employee role . in a role where they interact with the public , or customers , how they appear matters . let 's go to the beginning . sometimes , appearance matters . are you saying that in all circumstances how an employee appears does n't matter ?
seen the whole video , sport . her point is the fact that other crops that are typically grown by minorities , like cassava , are not commonly grown in community gardens at large . i ’ m not misrepresenting . she ’ s foolish . this is just one of her foolish examples . she thinks felons should have voting rights . not even felons that are free after their sentence.. active prisoners . she compares the border to the holocaust.. because you know , jewish people flocked to auschwitz like the migrants flock to the border . it ’ s disgusting . she ’ s disgusting . she wants a gnd that will cost each household in the 65,000 a year .. 93 trillion dollars . foolish .
you answer my question first .
removed
i think its pretty clear he is n't saying that a requirement of ongoing leadership in a country is to murder people . he did n't speak eloquently but its clear , at least to me , what he meant was every country in this world and every overthrow of power has come with the aid of violence . can you argue that ? that is the point he is making .
still hostile
melania vs brett kavanaugh ?
just like running a studio means forcing yourself of people , fucker carlson .
removed
what a lame article . no meat .
i will double cosign this opinion .
what if the opponent just flat out called him stupid . `` before i answer that , let me just say , donald ... you are truly a stupid , stupid man . i mean just mind numbingly aggressively stupid . ''
npr is changing .
sorry , i forgot that hilary is president and almost went to war with iran . good thing trump was there to stop it ! even though he had to make the hard decision of defying the current administration , who wanted to go to war , who said they were so convinced that iran was attacking them unprovoked , even though countless sources said otherwise . yeah , good thing he stopped those dirty liberals at the last second . wait ... who is the president again ?
but ... .did he ?
not the ones i work with , they 100 % believe that shit and think i ’ m naive for not buying into it .
we 're losing so much positioning over north korea by trump setting these precedents of normalizing relations and acting friendly towards their murderous dictator . but trump does n't care because he 's a narcissist , or has a similar psychopathology at least .
every single poll . i ’ m sorry though , i forgot that every poll that doesn ’ t have sanders with a 90 point lead is bad faith .
more accurate headline : `` portland under fire after they allowed a group of masked white males to assault a peaceful gay minority independent journalist during pride month . '' & amp ; # x200b ; and democrats say he deserved it because of his personal opinions .
stupid news . all the people she is mingling with are morons anyways
when a problem comes along you must kill a few people
fair enough . just understand this isn ’ t a situation in a vacuum us beto supporters are only sensitive because almost literally every story on reddit that comes up is completely misshapen into something that it isn ’ t . i don ’ t mind that people don ’ t have him as their candidate it ’ s easy to simply ignore those posts and not reply with anything negative about him ; but instead every one of the posts is downvoted into oblivion and the comments are always disingenuous and full of false information . that resonates . so , beto supporters are getting a bit touchy about it as a means of trying to tamp that stuff down .
i think these ideas of tulsi being a republican because some conservative pundits agree with her and write about her foreign policy stance on their media are cynical and jaded ones . right now there is a political realignment happening in the country : red voters are voting blue and vice versa . it happens ever couple generations for as long as we 've been a country . you 're going to find agreement among people you thought you 'd disagree with certain political trends are becoming more popular as they displace older ones . the categories are not stable enough to contain people as they once were . are you finding some prolgbt conservatives who are antiwar ? yes . are you finding more openly xenophobic people in the gop ? yes . are people in the gop sympathetic to welfare programs and priorotize them over foreign interventions ? yes . these are some of the outcomes when populism is in a strong ascendency and absorbs the national politic . you find agreements and blended mergers among people who were before in previous categories . the lines are shifting and will look very different than they did 10 years ago . the neocon conservative who supported bush 's foreign policy is not the same thing as the populist laborunion trump supporter who wants to keep the military out of wars . this is how you can have a antiwar populist like tucker carlson talking with tulsi gabbard in 2019 . carlson legitimately believes in his noninterventionist stance , and will talk to a democrat about it . he used to be a democrat . he was on cnn 10 years back .
read the actual article . not just the post title .
i think the distinction is that north korea is killing their own citizens without any due process or even crimes being committed beyond `` disloyalty to the supreme leader '' .
then i guess i 'm screwed if i 'm committed to nonviolence , huh ? nonviolence literally can not help you in that situation . you 're livestock unless you 're willing to use violence to defend yourself .
& gt ; it 's war on the streets and the war in the middle east & gt ; instead of war on poverty they got a war on drugs & gt ; so the police can bother me
kinda like the contempt brazil and china has towards justin t ?
i want everyone to play on an even and fair playing field . taking a shit on my chest and paying off loans for people that had it easier is not fair or even . there are ways to do this fairly that will help everyone impacted by the high cost of college . why not do one of those plans that is fair for everyone ?
some kind of network of pulleys and velcro
sure there are loans for first time buyers . they will just add pmi on the house and instead of putting down 20 percent you only have to put down 3.5 percent so you wont have any equity if you get in trouble .
and 30 % of americans are happy with that . another 20 % are not bothered all that much that our supreme leader is trying his best to be the worst human being in modern times .
wait ... what ?
and aoc ’ s bartending days make her qualified for what exactly ?
& gt ; taxes will have to be raised on hardworking americans well taxes on the 1 % . so , not really hardworkers .
deleted
& gt ; & gt ; that was bill clinton ’ s motto , too ... wow . what hasnt trump stolen from the clintons ?
removed
republicans fight for corporations harder than they do for themselves and their own families .
deleted
reddit is a joke .
these people are going to lose their fucking minds when they are not in power anymore . never seen a party so drunk with power in my lifetime .
seeing trump with these leaders makes me sick . he does not belong there , and he ’ s doing great harm to us and the world .
absolutely a great thing . doctors should always be allowed to visit any detention center
that ’ s not true she said “ chambers ” of government as a verbal slip . the cult is so desperate to find anything to criticize her for they take one verbal slip and turn it into a mountain . is what they do best . meanwhile trump can barely complete a sentence , read or write and he ’ s considered to have the best brain . i don ’ t really care what the cult has to say . the price one pays for being a cult member is losing all credibility . have a good day
to be fair , the republicans that were 18 years old during jfk 's term are 76 today . maybe we should n't lump their decisions and values together .
it 's a shame some people are too stupid to realize that they 're already paying for it and their costs would actually go down as a result of this .
deleted
no shit , i used to really enjoy their work with cracked !
you really believe that ? this was all staged . if you do n't honk casualty numbers are given before a launch is even announced , i have a bridge to sell you .
removed
bruh , what the fuck are you even trying to argue now
sometimes what it 's people want is n't what is right . see slavery or even our laws against gays just a decade ago . or how we treat trans people today . turns out the majority let 's awful things happen to the minority
removed
hi ` guns_save_lives6 ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : offtopic : all submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current us politics . if you have questions as to why your post has been removed , please see here : why was my post removed as offtopic ? if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
climate change is totally favoring russia while the great plains dry out . masterfully played , russian agent .
i wonder if the internet research agency is also behind this ?
this is truth . no convincing his supporters . got ta get others out .
you 're screwed whether you believe in nonviolence or violence . any way we can avoid that ?
they ’ re trolling you or ignoring obvious evidence due to internal bias .
let it sink in that you 've been duped by fake news .
they only see one kind of tyranny : restricting how many guns they can buy .
& gt ; talk about racism , the blacks want special treatment . you know refering to black americans as `` the blacks '' is kind of revealing .
you can find more of them published in the lancet or on google scholar
never knew she was so pretty
a different channel , but still breadtube/lefttube : always a bigger fish the origins of conservatism there 's loads more if you 're interested
seems weird to imply an equal moral value between people who sympathize with nazis and people who wish to passionately oppose nazis whenever they might pop up by offhandedly referring to the two as `` 2 zealot factions '' but go off
deleted
removed
but it was n't 49 % or 7 years ago note , gay marriage was legal in wa then . his numbers were n't even close . 20 years ago maybe . seattle 's a very progressive city , which is why his comment insulted people in the crowd . yeah , it 's just a gaffe and not a huge deal , but why must people insist that what he said was at all close to being accurate ?
removed
deleted
i 'd pay to see huckabeast vs kellyanne duke it out .
wow . long , depressing , and worth the read .
you do know they do . all the time . here in california it is a cottage industry .
nah . the website is clearly full of satirical jokes and even says at the bottom that it 's satire . it 's designed simply to be silly bs .
he said he was n't defending north korea , and then he fucking defended north korea 's murderous dictatorship by suggesting that every leader does it !
& gt ; the left cut the number of beds in a bill that was passed , forcing border patrol to release illegal immigrants into the interior of the country . emphasis added that bill that was passed was the senate bill , which passed 848 , so with considerable republican support . and the house of representatives voted for it democrats 12995 , republicans 1767 . this opinion writer puts this on the left . anything else anyone needs to know about townhall.com ?
agree that public investment enables wealth creation . however , i fail to see why the public ought to bear the burden of repaying college graduates for their student loans . please help me understand why this is appropriate when it is possible to get an affordable education . further these people have already completed an education why not invest in lifting up people for whom college is presently unattainable ? if the goal is to increase the skill / education of the workforce , why is funneling wealth to already educated people better than helping populations that are at risk for not completing high school ?
except the fact that their policies are 180 degrees different and the fact that you just generalized all bernie supporters as being similar to the op , but yeah , you 're totes right !
exactly . the above is about the best we can hope for .
she ’ s a fluffer for trump ’ s base .
removed
inb4 `` but muh afghanistan ! ''
this quote is from bernie in the 1960 ’ s , no ?
was it this one ? & gt ; historians have a word for germans who joined the nazi party , not because they hated jews , but because of a hope for restored patriotism , or a sense of economic anxiety , or a hope to preserve their religious values or dislike of their opponents , or raw politic opportunism , or convenience , or ignorance , or greed . & gt ; that word is `` nazi . '' nobody cares about their motives . & gt ; julius goat
removed
lol , when was that the republican party ? 1865 ?
except in america , we have an expectation of the government to not imprison or kill those who stand up to it , but instead change itself to better serve those who stand up to it . that 's called a democracy .
i just read another article from politico with the headline `` harris surges to third place in national poll after debate '' , which i read , and it turn out she has indeed gained six points , and took them mostly from biden , who is down 5 . somebody explain to me how this is a backlash ?
i have yet to see any details of ivanka ’ s women ’ s “ initiatives ” . for example , where is the funding coming from ? how much money is allocated ? what are the objectives ? who is benefiting and under what circumstances ? otherwise , her sound bites come across as fluff programs with no substance . sort of like the poorly worded and illdefined bebest program
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't know him ... .but she served beer better than she talks
removed
given how little each candidate got to speak , that 's sort of like being the tallest man in midgetville .
removed
removed
her proudest achievement is being a retailer and handbag designer . what is she doing there next time bring the kids and the maid .
tucker carlson is a pile of garbage .
removed
plus he labels his own personal , often faithbased positions as “ science ” or “ fact. ” that ’ s how you can tell he is a logical gentlesir who is not blinded by womanly emotion .
lem me guess ed mosberg ? was n't he indicated on corruption and bribery charges ?
open a history book . does n't matter which history , its fucking normal . american was literally founded with murder , and we 've stopped at no point
republicans have to lie and cheat their way into office . what else is new ?
removed
he is so close less , he ’ d probably try to sweeten the deal with some fine pork chops
its neat how america uses that same techniques for international diplomacy that i used in high school when i did n't read the chapters but was pretty sure i could bluff theough it . she 's not even using the advanced technique of reparroting the words said 34 speakers ago to obfuscate their origin .
removed
deleted
that has n't been true in decades .
the british and german societies were not built from scratch on the backs of african slave labor . because america was built so fundamentally on slavery , the fear of retribution has always lingered in the minds of those in power . the assumption is that the treachery and brutality will be fully repaid should the descendants of slaves ever gain the upper hand . therefore , they must always be suppressed , be it through jim crow legal segregation , discriminatory policies in housing and education , the cia sprinkling crack throughout the inner cities , or today 's mass incarceration disguised as a `` war on drugs . ''
like , for instance america . it was the 80s but still , i 'm sure some of that hardware is still around .
that 's just him , america as a whole though has n't been friends with russia since that whole cold war thing
i am 99 % sure that ron howard has confirmed this to be the case . as in it 's completely intentional . i 'll see if i can find a source .
the grass is greener killing a few people
carlson never said he believes it 's a necessary evil of north korea to kill people . what he said is that it 's a necessary evil to do business with countries which commit atrocities . if you listen to the audio clip , he mentions the killing peoples immediately before he mentioned the atrocities committed by allied countries . all he is doing here is stating his belief we need to maintain diplomatic relations with north korea .
i 'm not an absolutist and you wont get me to make absolute statements so you can drop that particular line of inquiry . what i 'm addressing is that appearance should not be a contributing factor to being hired or doing your job . does this mean we dont abide by the social contract ? of course not . the world isnt black and white . but just because somebody has a tattoo on their neck should n't be disqualifying them from anything .
not to mention you do n't just leave the lake when you are at your limit . you keep one less than the limit and then practice ... catch and release .
trump would be there too if not for his daddy .
& gt ; his ideas are as progressive as harris ' at least . oh so he 's finally released some policies beyond vague platitudes , then ?
yeah you probably want to think up better arguments for your position
it 's just clinton all over again . i massively prefer warren but it 's pretty fucking obvious reddit just has a hate boner for biden and anything he says is going to be hated no matter how fucking bland and generic and uncontroversial it is .
i ’ m thinking it could be . if lsd25 is all the neon purple eyeballs growing everywhere i look but without the muscle spasms that would be amazing .
removed
attacked by who exactly ? they guys were wearing complete ninja outfits and unrecognizable except for that fat lady , unless she was wearing a costume doubt it , it looked to real , but anyways , yeah .
even 100 % tax on 1 % wouldn ’ t cover it , taxes going up on any hard worker rich or not . but that ’ s really the point
her and every source of empirical evidence
the republicans are showing their hand . they cozy up to terrorists and dictators .
a loselose situation for america . the us punishes nk or it demonstrates to the whole world america is so weak , the thugs of a dictator from a country that ca n't even feed itself can rough up us officials in the president 's own entourage with impunity .
trump is befriending a proven murderer of not only his own citizens but a u.s. citizen and all for a photo opportunity . as historical as this is , lets not forget about this . u.s. student otto warmbier , on a tour in north korea gets detained for attempting to steal a propaganda poster . sentenced to 15 years prison and hard labor . later trump negotiates the release of the student and north korea releases him fatally injured he was brain dead due to maltreatment while imprisoned and later died after being returned to the u.s. north korea then says u.s. owes $ 2 million in hospital bills for when otto warmbier was imprisoned . after first stating that the u.s. was not responsible for the bill and was not going to pay , president trump has now agreed to pay $ 2 million to the north korean government . so as historic as this is , the president is validating this literal enemy of the state so i just don ’ t understand why this is a good idea .
i feel like parks and recreation can also be realistic in a caricature kind of way when it comes to local government
as an american , i 'm beyond embarrassed and scared for the future . this does n't end well .
in a . little over a decade the republican party has gone from north korea is part of the axis of evil , to hey got ta kill some people sometimes .
i wonder if these people understand that concentration camps existed before and after the holocaust .
that 's because good intentions alone do n't solve the problem . nor does pretending that climate change is not a big deal , and that raising hard working adults is all it takes to make it go away .
you mean when trump calles brown people animals , and rapists , and an `` infestation '' and an `` invasion '' ?
removed
prominent role ? ... what as ? a fuckin mannequin ?
and what exactly do you think the word means ?
i do n't want to see these things . i just want it to all go away .
& gt ; you obviously do n't know how to use tu quoque in a sentence your sentence implies that i actually used 'tu quoque ' in a sentence . the correct sentence would be 'your tu quoque argument is invalid ' . keep trying my friend , i am sure you can somehow defend how ivanka trump , someone with no experience in gov't , her highest degree is a bachelors , no foreign policy experience other than hacking shoes and apartments , and her position is an 'special aide ' to potus should interject herself into a conversation with the british pm , canadian pm , french president , and the leader of the imf at a g20 summit ... .
why is the sky blue ? because god loves killing a few people
obama did not pardon chelsea , he commuted her sentence . that he let her rot in a men 's prison for six years , only deigning to release her and not even immediately , she had to spend four more months in jail ! ! in the very last week of his presidency makes his eventual decision the absolute bare minimum he could 've possibly done .
they do n't sympathize with nazis , they are nazis . both sides are the extreme factions of their `` respective '' ideologies .
shhh , you will offend those who think that the palestinians are completely blameless
yeah , you 're wrong there about pittsburgh . using gay as a pejorative , sure . actually trying to hurt someone for being gay ? not so much .
we are not going to war with north korea . never . there is no longer a military option with nk . millions of south koreans would die . millions . millions of japanese would die . millions . millions of chinese ...
totalitarians in the senate majority preserving one party rule at any cost . that is all that matters to them , period . there is nothing trump could conceivably do to ever get them to move against him . one party rule , period .
removed
removed
deleted
deleted
that has what to do with this ?
removed
in order to make true peace , you have to let go of the grudges and overlook the past . by bringing up past events and grudges just raises tensions and creates a never ending cycle . we all know what nk has done , but is n't it peace what we are looking for . holding on to grudges and reaffirming them in the news never helps when trying to make peace with another country . talking trash to someone and then asking them to be a friend just does not work .
wait till she ends up in jail with the rest of them
nobody in the dem party would ever do that either .
did you read that article ? it straight up says it was n't automation . why did you choose an article that literally undermines your own argument ?
he regrets it and he 's doing something to fix it good on him
ditto !
deleted
it did work . nk was contained .
now this is a comment that wo n't age well .
no . obama gave $ 150 billion to iran while they were funding terrorism . at least trump is n't giving away money . he seems to be smoothing relations too .
you know how i know that this was a blatant photoop ? this sycophant was brought to gush over what he saw .
who is a real journalist . ivanka had no government experience nothing to prepare her for the job she has . anderson cooper worked as a journalist for probably twenty years . see we are actually not against rich people ’ s children getting jobs , we are against unqualified people getting hired because of daddy and mommy . see the difference ?
he 's supporting a communist dictatorial regime that has slave camps ? bold move .
if trump is his daddy
finally , we have a guy thinking about the pole here . wo n't everybody just have some sympathy for the pole ?
and what do you believe is the harm of the extremism on the decidedly antinazi faction
as if it ’ s impossible for him to win over voting blocks that barely even know who he is .
i can honestly dennis rodman would be a better option than her ... .. we are so fucked .
& gt ; gee , an obama appointee ... & gt ; & gt ; so is it just a given now that all judges put their political leanings ahead of the law ? no , but it 's a given now that you consider the health and well being of children to be secondary to the politics involved . edited to include op quote .
we laugh about hit fuzz and crusty jugglers ... . but holy shit ... . is this hate speech ? wtf is going on .
`` mr biden , what is the one policy youd pass as president ? '' `` defeat trump . '' tell me again why this guy is even in contention ?
& gt ; in the meantime there haven ’ t been rockets flying out of nk . except yes there fucking have been ... .
more of a crime family
speaks volumes that they ca n't be bothered to click one button to go to their private nirvanah of shared opinions and little thought .
& gt ; slumber more like finally regaining consciousness after being assaulted and hospitalized by capitalists .
because china is nk ’ s largest trading partner and would be very very unhappy if we destabilized the country , as it would result in waves of nk refugees flooding over the chinese border . it hasn ’ t been worth it to us to go up against china to get rid of him .
it 's reddit , everything is an argument !
i will vote biden vs trump . i will 100 % . but i will push hard against the status quo these democrats have pushed for decades . say what you will . this is tone deaf . ignore biden then so be it . but do n't you think for a second that i wo n't hold his feet to the flame . he will absoloutly not get my vote in the primary . it 's not my vote the dems have to worry about . edit i 'm on mobile .
no way he said that ... goes off the check..wow he 's really trying to defend north korea .
wrong i am for open boarders studies have shown it benefits the economy
amazing that the media is focusing on what a fox news host said , and not the historic event taking place articles barely mention it at all in the article . only talking about it to give context to tucker ’ s bizarre comments .
i never said we shouldn ’ t have hearings , did i ?
we need to hold people accountable now . you can put obama in front of a jury after we take care of the immediate and pressing concern we have now . if ten people walk into a high rise and start executing people from the bottom floor up , we don ’ t nab one of them and put him on trial while the rest keep shooting . every time you play the both sides argument you are working to deflect concern from the people doing the shooting . even if this isn ’ t your intention , it ’ s how conservatives will take it , simply the admission that obama did bad things is all it takes to get 40 % of our country totally cool with fucking genocide .
i 'm sure he afforded obama the same understanding .
what the actual fuck .
you know , i was drunk when i read this headline ... . i need to stop drinking .
ivanka the diplomat
i 'm not specifically talking about the rs who lived at both times .
removed
i 'm by no means defending nk when it comes to otto warmbier but from what i 've read it seems unlikely that they physically tortured him . most of the evidence points to them psychologically torturing him to the point where he attempted suicide and they revived him . no doubt nk routinely executes and tortures their own citizens . but an american hostage is more valuable to them alive and unharmed . they 're absolutely 100 % still responsible for his death and this charade with trump is crazy . i prefer it to the waging war on twitter thing . but trump needs to realise that you do n't have to be friends to not be enemies . but eh , sigh . he probably already knows that . trouble is he actually admires tyrants .
deleted
he must mean journalists , and he 's volunteering to go first because he knows he 'll be rejected for not being a real journalist .
what a dog shit title . the article literally states that biden wants to make lbgt civil rights a priority . him observing that not that long ago making fun of gay people was more acceptable isn ’ t inherently bad , it ’ s a fact and a good thing that it ’ s not more acceptable today .
do n't get it , one angle makes it cringey , and who was the french dude taking smartphone videos of ivanka anyway , that seems a little creepy .
sure , i read it . he said he was n't defending north korea 's murderous regime , and then he defended it by saying that all leaders are killers , so what 's the big deal ? what a fucking asshole , as are everyone of his fans .
video game to modern day politics is not a good comparison . well let 's see what trump is going to do with nk and iran . will it be war or peace negotiations . i 'm for peace , you insinuating , i am okay with people killing each other ai n't helping you . every country has done it . nothing new , let 's just hope it is n't happening with new leaders in power , in the western worlds .
`` what a lame article . it makes trump look bad so i 'm against it . ''
removed
because good looking , fashionable people are n't conservatives .
oh no not a formal complaint
chris mathews is an embarrassment to folks like chris hayes , ari melber , and rachel maddow . as a 62yearold white guy , let me say that he is that out of touch and always angry old white guy .
get graham the fuck out of there , i ’ m from nevada and i ’ m donating to this guy .
i think cracking and packing are bad specifically because they support a political party . as to your second question , i 'm not even asking about who is impacted so much as how it would be possible . if you gerrymander in one instance and that 's bad , then by definition not gerrymandering would be good . likewise , the same would hold true if reversed . in other words , you only have two options , gerrymander/not gerrymander . if one is the bad option , the other is good/neutral/not bad right ?
biden 's unlikability , lack of charisma , and propensity to make idiotic remarks are finally catching up to him . obama nostalgia can only get you so far
these people are so far gone . they have drank and dispensed so much koolaid that their brains will never be normal again .
removed
deleted
he ’ s been really pushing this oppressed rural male thing for a while . taking on the plight of the hurting rust belt . it felt very fake , but seems like this is where he was heading . get them on your side and then go full dictatorship .
there was nothing easy about her primary win .
this argument totally ignores two facts : there , they only have to wait for america to get tired of the war like the soviets did and then go home in america the army already is home
he 's on the right side of history and those newspapers are not .
he 's being hillary 'd from both sides .
but look at their sciences . jesus christ i ’ ve never felt so stupid in a room . those folks think so god damn fast
still thinking about it ? it 's okay , i 'll wait .
one wants to cut taxes for extremely profitable corporations and the other wants to better the economy by relieving the financial stress on some americans , allowing them to spend it back into the economy i understand how you can see it as being unfair but the economy has to work in a way where everyone can be at the least , financially comfortable .
if you can ’ t take the heat , kill a few people
& gt ; workers react by putting faith in strong leadership promising a return to better times , normally using a racial minority as a scapegoat this is nonsense , workers were n't hitler 's base and he was funded by ultra wealthy . second fascism is just a form of capitalism , so i am confused why you try to separate the two .
deleted
removed
i read the quote and have absolutely no idea how it 's different than what was quoted . what 's the difference ? because he prefaced it by saying it 's disgusting and there 's no defending it ?
but the government does still kill people for committing big enough crimes .
removed
i 'm worried that there will be some straight up murders in the coming immigration raids and enforcement at the border . not killing through neglect like what is happening now , but straight up killing . `` we have to deter people from crossing illegally . they were acting violently . '' those will be the arguments used .
? ? ? what is up with this sub . first president to step foot in north korea on way to world peace and the main politics sub talking about a nobody . stay on the wrong side of history .
exactly . the corporate hero wont find refuge elsewhere .
do n't get me wrong , i think single payer is preferable to our current state of affairs but i disagree with the bernie sanders purity testing of anyone who proposizes that we adopt systems more similar to germany or switzerland which also work quite well and would arguably be easier to get to from where we are . medicare for all is just one option of many to ensure universal coverage , and those who act like it 's the end all be all of health care systems are being disingenuous .
an example of clownworld is aoc anguish posing in front of an empty parking lot fence and idiots believing the clown . like i said dumbing down of america . don ’ t you think ?
removed
& gt ; appearance should not be a contributing factor to being hired or doing your job . did you wear nice clothes to your last interview ?
this is an excellent point . i don ’ t believe she can block people .
yes of course the past 71 years have been one side saying `` how about this '' and the other saying `` no '' with no counteroffer , of course that 's how things work .
murder was never not normal . you cant normalize something that has always been normal
& gt ; i 'm not defending hitler , but he had some really good points and should have won wwii . '' where does he say north korea had good points ?
removed
we can ’ t bomb north korea . and we won ’ t .

harris has no real policies . sanders ' plan does n't have any actual sanity behind it . warren is trying to pass a problem she participated in creating on to american tax payers . booker says he 's antipharma , yet has been taking pharma money so far for his political gains . i ca n't take biden seriously after the memes that 's a me problem . ~~ocasiocortez apparently throws accusations around without concrete evidence.~~ i 'm still learning the rest of the field , but so far , i 'm not that impressed . edit : aoc is n't running . news bleed through in my brain .
yes who originally said this ?
the problem is it doesn ’ t cost you anything to steal less of my money .
m f qqqsyj
deleted
hey i 'm from delaware too biden has always been a boob
deleted
there has never been a single time in my life when people were n't making comparisons between the president and hitler .
i mean
while praising the toddler that is unable to speak in complete sentences .
the media is always going to hype the frontrunner because that 's just how story selection works in the media . fear of revolution does n't even enter into their thinking .
removed
and then he defends it . rather like that fat orange turd saying there are fine people on both sides .
is there a way we can send tucker to north korea ?
now i need therapy . :
forgiving student loan debt is mostly a giveaway to the current and future rich/wealthy . that ’ s why 40 % or so of the total is graduate school debt . you are giving money to doctors , lawyers , and mbas .
stay hungry , stay foolish , kill a few people
didn ’ t she do a photo shoot outside a tent city and “ cried ” at the “ sight ” of it ?
wtf , dude pulled out a youtube source ? 😂
seems like calling people out isn ’ t a career either . i don ’ t mind her politics although i don ’ t entirely agree her backing sanders so much , but literally all aoc has been doing lately is calling people out . cool exposing bullshit is awesome , but when you ’ re so arrogant for so long it ’ s annoying as sin .
i ’ m not sure how you arrived at that conclusion . aoc has at least a relevant degree and serves as an elected official . claiming she was elected because she is hispanic is quite a racially motivated stretch to make . edit : what exactly do you see as “ extreme radical left wing ” among her views ? sounds like something tucker carlson would say .
silly liberals
yea , this is going to be a messy primary , and that 's a good thing . whoever can get the most democratic energy should be on the front of the ticket . we shouldnt be worried about `` swing voters '' , though if the choice between `` children in cages '' and `` universal healthcare '' is a dififcult one , i 'm ok with those people staying home or voting 3rd party , if we can activate fdr democrats that havnt had a canidate since before clinton .
removed
removed
if he ca n't survive on a debate stage against other democrats , he is n't gon na survive against trump . make up whatever excuses you 'd like for him if it makes you feel better . he spoke more than anybody else on that stage and he could n't get his point across .
what is this ? fucking game of thrones ?
glad your grasp on geopolitics is so strong . /s
deleted
that 's not how trump uses his acting posts . he uses them to consolidate power and to ensure he has people serving his will , not the will of congress and the country . this is exactly how we get into a war . based on the whims of someone who , `` when i look at myself in the first grade and i look at myself now , i ’ m basically the same . the temperament is not that different . '' this is , by his own definition , a first grader with the power to wage war , surrounded by yes men .
sadly , that 's very true .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
deleted
exactly . at the very least , they should be asking for a reliant payment that is the same for all graduates based on their degree and year group . that would be fair , help people that went out of pocket , and does not relieve the worst offender taking bugatti loans for honda education of their personal responsibility . people just seem unwilling to see past their laziness and selfishness though . they claim it will help the economy , but are ignoring reallity . if these people were going to be productive members of the economy , they would be productive and paying off their loans . they are not paying them off because they are not productive . paying off their loan is not going to change the ability level of these people no matter how hard they pretend it will . i still think there should be no payouts at all . if they are deemed necessary , they should be the same for everyone , because everyone had the same choices to pick from .
u.s is a crime to humanity
yes
on the other hand : `` used to present factors which support opposing opinions . '' that means he is presenting those facts as arguments to defend their regime . meaning the title is n't inaccurate . it 's just impossible to put the entire quote as the title . also if i say `` i 'm not defending hitler , but he had some great ideas and should have won wwii '' , then the first part does n't matter at all .
& gt ; on the other hand , & lt ; you forgot to highlight this part .
removed
why would you need to say that though if it 's such an obvious fact ? why would you want to make that point ? if somebody was talking about hitler , why would they feel the need to throw `` you ca n't rise to power without violence '' in there ?
that is definitely one way to win with limited votes from poc , but he could also start getting endorsements from poc thought leaders that provide him with muchneeded positive coverage in communities where his name recognition is exceptionally low . unfortunately for pete , i think that second alternative is unlikely when someone like kamela harris is polling well .
yes , the president appointed her as an aid . she is not elected , nor is she senate approved . meaning she is not high on the totem pole my friend . if her name was n't `` trump '' she would have no business being at the g20 , nor trying to converse with world leaders . or do you think the french put it up as a tribute to her ? /s
yeh tucker let em know
i hate illinois nazis !
whatever does n't kill you makes you killing a few people .
what you 're describing is basically the realist vs liberal paradigm in the field of international relations . but being a realist does n't make you a bad person .
i 'm really sad that i missed out on killing a few people .
removed
well , that 's no good . not trying to keep a ton of fish and wound a bunch more . there should be an unenforceable , but highly promoted limit on c & amp ; r imo once you catch x amount , tie on a new rig and go for something else.. & amp ; # x200b ; & amp ; # x200b ; in my neck of the woods , we simply do n't catch anywhere near our limit .
removed
removed
enoughsandersspam ? would n't that mean he 's antibernie ?
this is fl . i ’ m a business owner . no clue how you got that rate . my little brother makes minimum wage , is in perfect health , on affordable healthcare and gets a massive subsidy , and still pays way more than you . is your employer covering a significant percentage of the premium , i take it ?
if you want to make an apple pie from scratch , you just first killing a few people .
let me fix that cough for you . bullshit , bullshit and more bullshit .
c'mon people , there 's two sides to this . on the one hand you have to kill some people to run a country . on the other hand you can lead a country , have free elections and not kill people .
i find reddit 's lack of perspective frustrating . they think because they do n't agree with the dnc that most democrats do n't agree with the dnc . bernie 's ideas were very out there for american politics . they catered very well to millenials but not to the older generations . socialist is still a dirty word in the us , even to many on the left . to disagree is to be naive . i 'm not saying it 's fair or smart . the problem is that people here ca n't comprehend when they do n't get what they want except that the other side must have cheated . you 'll see it without fail in sports , in politics , in any thread about employment or another situation where one person loses and another wins . we need to stop blaming the dnc and start talking to people who are voting .
oh come on , you 're exaggerating ! ^^/s
in a few of the photos she looks like a very willing participate in what it going on . there is evidence that some girls do have this kind of infatuation with their father . and we all know the type of cretin trump is ...
i understand what op meant ; i just do n't think it 's a deliberate strategy . there are no 5dimensional chess players in the trump administration . the donald has been a serial bungler since long before he was president . the parade of lies , blunders , hypocrisy , viciousness , ignorance , stupidity , corruption , braggadocio , racism , misogyny and pettiness is core to his very essence . that the media ca n't keep up is merely a lucky break .
i doubt she was the only person in attendance who represented the united states but even if she was , i 'd find it impossible to believe that she would be any less qualified than anyone else , especially considering her background , who she is , how many professional experiences we can assume she 's been involved in and know she 's been involved with ... being trump 's daughter is n't something to scoff at when you consider the things they 've been involved with .
would y ’ all rather us all die in a nuclear war ?
james o'keefe and his project veritards are one of the largest purveyors of legitimate fake news via their brand of unethical , highly edited pieces of `` gotcha '' journalism which they attempt to disguise as sting operations . i would view this as highly suspect . particularly the scene when the `` whistleblower '' in the video is talking about google execs meeting in a masonic temple to discuss their supposed plans to suppress conservatives , and steal the 2020 election for the democratic party . the very idea that congress is having a hearing with a google exec as a result of this nonsense should piss everyone off , as it is a complete waste of time and taxpayer money .
are you going to unironically use `` sheeple '' next ? i ca n't handle all these sick nasty owns
that is funny , i heard that trump was lurching around like a robot , while kim was sprinting around shaking hands .
yikes that alone should earn trump a censure from congress .
zzzz he 's still leading by double digits and has the most minority support and endorsements
hm . please point me to where i called him a friend . but he is anti war . i guess that means being anti war triggers liberals now ?
removed
for some people not everyone . single people making above 80k , poor people in some cases who were on medicaid and other groups will be paying more with the change than now . not saying that makes it bad but it should be recognized
they give the left a bad name like nazis give the right a bad one hence the press of this event .
what did latin governments do.. ? aside from venezuela
alright , jeez . i don ’ t live in seattle , just wondering what in particular was making you curse him out .
deleted
there 's a difference between trash talking and bringing up that their dictator brutally executes people for failing at their jobs , or going to disney ... .
deleted
she 's better qualified than aoc ... a degree from boston college and a previous career in the world of bartending does n't give her a whole lot of room to talk .
he was pretty good at that .
thanks . if only i could find more every 2 weeks :
removed
& gt ; tell me more about these antiwar fascists please . uh , racists are isolationists .
deleted
she lets other people make something , then puts her name on it and watches money roll in . pretty much exactly what dad did .
actually , her individuality is part of the charm ...
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4220 ^^^what ^^^is ^^^this ?
i support keeping the wild salmon and their environment in tact and do not support making executives and investors profits while destroying the local and surrounding ecosystems .
wow ! you beat the straw man you built . good job !
you know what a dissenter is ? someone who points out america for who they are and have always been : murderers . acting like were the saints of the world is not dissent , that 's falling right in line
the same people still demonizing bernie sanders would be spitting on mlk today .
when have i seen this before ... & gt ; republican presidential frontrunner donald trump appeared to praise north korean leader kim jongun , saying at a rally saturday that `` it 's incredible '' how he was able to dispatch his political opponents . & gt ; & gt ; trump called jongun a `` maniac '' during remarks about north korea 's nuclear program during a rally at ottumwa , iowa , but conceded , `` you got ta give him credit . '' & gt ; & gt ; '' how many young guys he was like 26 or 25 when his father died take over these tough generals , and all of a sudden ... he goes in , he takes over , and he ’ s the boss , '' trump said . `` it 's incredible . he wiped out the uncle , he wiped out this one , that one . i mean this guy does n't play games . and we ca n't play games with him . ''
i saw a political comic one time , and i 've never managed to find it since . it shows a ww2 vet placing a nazi flag in a trunk with his uniform and medals , he has kids , grows old and retires . the next frame is presumably after the man 's death where his grandson , visibly an idiot , comes upon that old trunk that belonged to an honorable war veteran . he throws out the medals and puts up the nazi flag in his yard , proud of himself . . so quickly does society forget the atrocities of the past , even going so far as to romanticize them , and it 's always the stupidest fringe dragging us all down with them . i see this very thing happening in my own family , nobody would talk about nazis around my uncle because he was a ww2 veteran , but now that he 's gone it 's okay to say it now . i think maybe it 's that way everywhere .
removed
maybe trump should appoint an anti war advisor rather than taking a glorified shock jockey .
removed
historically idiotic . yes .
except this time decades wo n't be passing . the climate crisis is going to wipe humanity out as it falls into fascism and ultimately nuclear war caused by countrytocountry resource wars and mass migration as the fearful look to `` strong men '' to save them from the consequences of destroying the planet .
they are my people and i know how they talk behind closed doors , although since trump they 're starting to talk more openly . i spent 8 years pulling my hair out with obama as he and the dem leadership tried to work this party . it was complete folly . there is no working with them . they will always march toward their ultimate goal of restoration to a white , protestant ethnostate and they wo n't accept anything less .
removed
here , we only have to wait until our military gets tired of killing american citizens . are the us citizens suddenly unaware of their surroundings ?
carlson is seriously mentally ill .
the irony of ivanka talking inequity to a group of people that earned the right to be there .
super funny that who you wanted to be president lost , and the guy that won will win it all over again and this will be you— & gt ; 😭 how is this happening to us ? ? 😭
i think you might be one of those people that does n't understand the word nepotism .
arbeit macht killing a few people !
it ’ s better to have loved and lost , than never killing a few people
i 'd say there 's a pretty big difference between killing terrorists that are actively threatening your citizens and killing regular citizens because they dared to speak out against your cruel treatment of them . but i mean if you want to equivocate all killing as the same without bothering to differentiate , that 's your perogative .
deleted
it 's pride weekend here in seattle . totally permissable .
deleted
do you think forgiving student loans helps poor people ? it doesn ’ t . it ’ s highly regressive , in part because of the fact that about 40 % of the total is grad school debt .
considering the entirety of the republican tax scam cost us about $ 1.9 trillion , the vast majority of which went to corporations and the very wealthy , and the student loan debt sits at $ 1.6 trillion , then . . . nah . take it back to where it was for them and tack on a little more for good measure and whaddya know , it 's all funded . did n't seem to be an issue when we all had to pay for two wars that we got nothing for in return . did n't seem to be an issue when we bankrolled corporate stock buybacks that still cut jobs . did n't seem to be an issue when we bailed out the banks . suddenly it 's a problem ?
oh look , # fakenews on the front page of reddit . shocking !
the some other guy is the government , who pays with taxes collected . why don ’ t the rich people who will pay substantially more taxes get to be selfish ? well there ’ s levels of selfishness . they don ’ t get to be so selfish that they hoard billions of dollars . they can live on tens of millions . an income tax including on unearned income such as stock profits of 90 % on income over $ 5 million isn ’ t unreasonable . no person needs that much to live . it just creates substantial waste at the cost of substantial human life , which no society should tolerate .
uhh what ? do you actually hate him because he sounds eloquent when he speaks ? do you also hate obama ?
i agree . a good place to start would be to have universal medical plan that is inexpensive that people could choose to opt into . that would leave the medical plans that unions and others have thoughts to get in place whike allowing those without medical insurance to get the government plan . meanwhile , private insurers could do what they do in canada and other countries with universal medicine and supplement the government plan with extras that people who chose to pay for them could afford . for example , the public plan could pay for any hospital stay but in a shared room . meanwhile your private plans could upgrade you to private or semiprivate . i understand that 's the way it works in canada at least .
you nutters are insane .
deleted
the point is she shouldn ’ t be there in the first place .
& gt ; faux news made nut milk out of it to be fair , faux news makes nut milk out of everything .
the future belongs to those who kill a few people
no amount of money in the world will erase the disgust that a majority of americans feel for this vile man . donate and waste your money , old rich guy .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
deleted
18,000 families are supported by that fishery . the mine will produce nowhere near as many jobs and most the money will go to a handful of already rich billionaires .
removed
there is nothing to celebrate about this bullshit no matter how you try and frame it
i 'm pretty happy with that alternative .
i disagree = fake news literally falsified news stories that promote trump = reality
well , you seem to think that `` promote the general welfare '' means limiting the number of buses people take ... or something . i just said you 'd have to prove it .
tucker carlson is a white nationalist , not an antiwar populist , and he should be called out on that every chance we get , but instead tulsi is friendly with him and the right wing is definitely friendly with her . i love seeing the cognitive dissonance in her reddit staff try to say at the same time how solidly left progressive she is but also so appealing to the right .
you catch more flies with sugar than killing a few people
warren 2020 !
removed
well , i was not rooting for winfrey , or avanatti , or the rock to enter the race , so not me .
i didn ’ t say we would , but inferred that bolton would want to .
juche gang juche gang juche gang
or , the part about him trying to be above the pettiness and division means he has no intentions of utilizing the kind of shitty behavior to get his point across
certainly not lost on me haha
this submission has been automatically removed because it comes from a social media domain . there are privacy concerns , as well as concerns with content being nonverifiable when it comes from social media sources . more information can be found here i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
so that 's why he hates obama so much he did n't kill millions of our own people . this and him defending pedophilia makes tucker a gold mine of cringe .
removed
i still do n't agree with the word choice , but basically yeah . if a government can provide it we should be expecting it otherwise it fails a basic function of government . defense , law , infrastructure , emergency response , health are the basic functions of government and should be provided in that order . if a nation is n't doing these things first they are a failure of a government . wallstreet should n't be getting a dime of people 's taxes to bail them out before every citizen is ensured the basics of healthcare . the only governments that get a pass on providing this are those nations still struggling to handle the earlier stages . there are n't many things a government should do , but pooling resources to provide healthcare is one of those . that 's literally what insurance does but with a profit motive . worse insurance makes money by not paying for services thus making their profit an enemy of providing for the sick . just like mercenaries are bad because they have a profit motive for war so are insurance companies for the health of the people .
and she is technically correct . which is the best kind of correct .
`` i 'm not a relativist or anything . '' proceeds to be a relativist .
why are we acting like this is news ? this has literally been the democratic platform since nixon was fdr , and every major democrat administration since clinton has fought for it . it has n't always been fought for in the terms of a singlepayer healthcare system but universal healthcare and single payer healthcare are n't the same things .
r/sweethomealabama
google populism , ask your smartest friends about it . please please just ask other people you respect about populism and demagogues .
from the un office of genocide prevention 's website : & gt ; `` in the present convention , genocide means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such : & gt ; & gt ; killing members of the group ; & gt ; & gt ; causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ; & gt ; & gt ; deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ; & gt ; & gt ; imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ; & gt ; & gt ; forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . `` he 's not `` this close , '' he already is condoning genocide . we have concentration camps on our soil . it 's already here .
but only one of those was a dream come true . you 'll know reincarnation is real , if you see a seagull shitting on his head during a press conference , and i happen to have passed away .
normally i would be glad they kept that war hawk away from such a situation but for fucks sake ... .. trump is a breath away from selling ad space on the white house lawn .
“ the greater good . ”
the numbers were never high to begin with .
money is a helluva drug .
it knows this but the little people over at the quarantine are kinda bored so puking silliness all over . sad :
the successful warrior is the average man , with laserlike focus on killing a few people
the military was prepared before trump gave the green light . why ca n't anyone give this man a chance ! we could be ww3 right now ! do you really want him to start a war ? trump decided against when he had the numbers ! trump has been doing his best to please everyone ! jobs are up for everyone ! he launched a worldwide campaign to decriminalize lgbt+ ! he had a prison reform passed ! our stocks are breaking records never seem before ! and stopped a battle that could lead us into ww3 ! for the love that is all good in this world ! he is trying his best and doing it . if you want him out , then you will be taking amazing progress away .
do you think you 're a better strategist than an afghani ?
you think williamson is a republican stalking horse ?
same .
literally the first thing he says is “ there is no defending a place like north korea ” and he called it a disgusting stalinistic regime . stop taking things out of context to make controversial headlines .
removed
they also continually turn away donations
good . everybody hates john bolton . maybe next time he has a meeting on iran he can invite glenn beck , bill o'reilly , or the ghost of william f buckley . basically anyone other than bolton would be good .
just ask putin and the prince , trump ’ s other two friends .
it 's been the plan all along .
removed
deleted
`` those shitty tactics worked in the past . we do n't argue with success . '' gop
and that they 're the reason for all of your problems , that they 're sucking the system dry and that 's why you 're struggling to get ahead . gosh if only someone would do something about this problem .
the fact that we have incompetent morons representing us to world leaders isn ’ t an interesting story to you ?
yes , because it does matter . the whole point of this discussion is talking about how it should n't . why did it take you 50 posts to get here ?
better just appease the dictator and justify his killings of millions of people and violent suppression , that 's totally the answer .
i guess fucker carlson had better remember that when fascism comes to town and it 's not someone who particularly cares for him .
how do we find out who they are so they can be sued for the money ?
i 100 % support elizabeth warren , regardless of your efforts . also , no trump support is ever reasonable . ever .
holy shit that is the dumbest thing i 've ever watched .
broke my heart to see his book on my father ’ s shelf when i went home last .
removed
removed
removed
`` there 's no defending them . on the other hand ... '' is the same as , `` i 'm not a racist , but ... ''
that 's what happened to hillary .
you should read the note on the sub , it 's a prosanders sub .
the wall is to keep us in at least as much as to keep them out .
not sure how you took from it that hes saying we 're equal ? the phrase `` not on the same scale '' would imply the opposite to me
wantimg to make sure people were n't getting trafficked is bad now ?
this trash actually made it to # 1 on google search ? wtf how is this even legal ?
i read that she was a caberat singer , before she started writitng books .
citizens ? they 'd be branded traitors and seditionists on day one . 2nd point : ? ?
we are talking race , not culture dumbass .
removed
`` false reports of events , written and read on websites '' title that does n't include an entire quote since it 's not possible =/= fake news . the article literally contains the truth . how is that fake ? also , the title is correct he said `` on the other hand '' , which is literally used to present arguments to defend something . so yes , he did defend the regime , and he did use those words . but it 's impossible for a title to completely and accurately sketch a story , that 's what an article is for .
deleted
please make tucker carlson his campaign manager ! please ! with friends like him ...
deleted
whoa , unrealistic people are corroding people into thinking it 's okay to live in this type of environment that is okay with murdering their citizens .
removed
you seriously just owned yourself . what the fuck yo ?
deleted
yeah , you 're right saudi arabia is a great place that 's never killed anyone ever . /s
not to mention that it is a conservative economic position . two agencies to do basically the same thing is the definition of bloat .
bad faith argument .
yeah that 's why it 's called hillarying .
how on earth could you agree that leading a country means killing people ? could you explain what you mean ? surely capital punishment can ’ t be an absolute necessity , since lots of countries don ’ t do it and run just fine ...
republicans will do anything to defend the derangement that is the trump administration
deleted
they 're not scared . they understand which tactics are most effective with their base .
it 's been fun . goodbye .
me too buddy , me too .
removed
you must not be paying attention
you know the us had concentration camps during ww2 ? concentration camp does n't nessesarily equal death camp . `` united states during world war ii was the forced relocation and incarceration in concentration camps in the western interior of the country of between 110,000 and 120,000 people of japanese ancestry , most of whom lived on the pacific coast . '' ' . concentration camp noun a place in which large numbers of people , especially political prisoners or members of persecuted minorities , are deliberately imprisoned in a relatively small area with inadequate facilities , sometimes to provide forced labour or to await mass execution . the term is most strongly associated with the several hundred camps established by the nazis in germany and occupied europe 1933–45 , among the most infamous being dachau , belsen , and auschwitz . '' by this definition and by the info in the news you guys have bona fide concentration camps going . especially towards children . aoc calls it like she sees it . conditions in a mcallen , texas facility “ could be compared to torture facilities ” sevier , a privatepractice physician in the rio grande valley , was granted access to a facility in mcallen , texas , after attorneys discovered a flu outbreak that sent five infants to a neonatal intensivecare unit . at the detention center — the largest such border patrol facility in the country — sevier examined 39 children under the age of 18 facing conditions including “ extreme cold temperatures , lights on 24 hours a day , no adequate access to medical care , basic sanitation , water , or adequate food. ” all 39 exhibited signs of trauma . ... children “ had to sleep on the floor … as punishment for losing the comb ” outside of el paso , attorney and children ’ srights advocate warren binford gained access to a border patrol facility where 351 migrant children were detained ; over 100 were under 13 , and the youngest was just over 4 months . binford reported that many of the kids had been held for three weeks or longer , and that guards had created a “ child boss ” who was rationed extra food in an attempt to control the other children . binford told the new yorker about the clint , texas facility ’ s treatment of a lice outbreak . so , on wednesday , we received reports from children of a lice outbreak in one of the cells where there were about twentyfive children , and what they told us is that six of the children were found to have lice . and so they were given a lice shampoo , and the other children were given two combs and told to share those two combs , two lice combs , and brush their hair with the same combs , which is something you never do with a lice outbreak . and then what happened was one of the combs was lost , and border patrol agents got so mad that they took away the children ’ s blankets and mats . they weren ’ t allowed to sleep on the beds , and they had to sleep on the floor on wednesday night as punishment for losing the comb . so you had a whole cell full of kids who had beds and mats at one point , not for everybody but for most of them , who were forced to sleep on the cement . defend this shit and you are supporting actual 2019 style concentration camps . congratulations .
meanwhile , we live in a time where there is a very good chance , given his lifestyle and morbid obesity , we could wake up any day and trump could be dead from natural causes . the guy hasn ’ t been able to look down and see his dick since wang chung formed . let ’ s talk about that guy ’ s health .
deleted
holocaust survivor is obviously senile . all nazi death camps were concentration camps . not all concentration camps are nazi death camps . take your phony antisemitism bullshit and stuff it .
deleted
wow . i supposed right wingers will say cnn is the same . but i doubt they could compile a video like this . cnn is certainly more on the left but they are not so shamelessly partisan .
got ta watch the video . trump has a kind of magnetism and aggression that tucker recognizes . also they called tucker a reporter several times .
this is the definition of privilege . i 'm not saying you should n't be able to give your kids a good lifestyle , and if you made millions in your own life , you should be able to look after your children . problem is , the trump name is more of a stepping stool than the money . these kids have no idea what humility is , and it 's probably through no fault of their own , they were raised by shitty people , but now that they 're adults , they should have the self awareness to improve themselves and acknowledge they are in the 0.01 % . your dad is a crook , that 's not your fault , but you can be your own people .
how are the protestors in portland doing that exactly ?
removed
i do n't think he would easily quash biden , but he already knows how to attack biden with ugly personal attacks his son 's business ties in ukraine , the creepy hairsniffing , etc . . if biden 's not the nominee , trump has to deal with a less known quantity , has to do more work to figure out what the personal weaknesses of someone else are .
explain it like i am 5 : i don ’ t understand the multitude of comments concerning the fact that aoc used to have a bartender job . is the implication that people who at one time held a server position should not be able to hold an elected position ? has anyone in this thread ever had a “ blue collar ” job to support themselves through school or as a filler until they found a higherlevel position ? should only people who have never needed to support themselves with service jobs run for office ? does being a bartender discount other academic accomplishments and experiences that might prepare someone for public office ?
i 've always found this argument so laughable , what are any guns going to do against military drones that can vaporize you faster than you can say `` hey whats that up in the sk ... ... ''
removed
america is n't responsible for everyone in the world who has lost hope . if they wish to come here do it safely and legally even if it takes years to do so . their home country is responsible for their welfare .
removed
removed
removed
& gt ; she is accountable . has anyone told her ?
no . the joke is that they 're not in the swamp a literal swamp they 're now in washington dc in every part of the administration . he 's draining the swamp and putting all the swamp creatures he finds into the administration .
the palins are white trash poor . they do n't have the money to hang with these guys . better to keep her pregnant in alaska .
wait what , i thought trump came to a deal , and the tariffs were off ? what happened ? !
removed
removed
i really hope trump gets what he deserves .
yes it should ... but its not .
which is not the same as what people citricize north korea for .
switch the book behind the cover with something sensible .
cnn and all the other fake news not even trying to hide that they 're antitrump .
basically “ there is no defending north korea , but let me give it a shot. ” tc come on man as a conservative i ’ m asking you to be better than this .
yes ... but they don ’ t need to preemptively try to influence elections
he literally said “ not to the scale of north korea ” though . he just said leaders need to kill people ... which kinda is true as this op comment pointed out
i 'm sorry , i guess i do n't know why i 'm on reddit . do you have somewhere i can start ? clearly i 'm not as old or as informed as you .
removed
maybe hes trying to wake people up that we commit atrocities , not normalize it . people here want to bury their heads in the sand . we 've always been the baddies .
did you seriously make a comment for the first time in a year in order to call me a fascist ?
what about warren ?
name one leader who never indirectly killed someone .
how about `` i will rather be russian than democrat '' shirt ?
i ’ m not saying this dude with 20,000 word essay on why beto is so amazing is , but beto definitely has operatives working reddit for him . when he launched and when he gave some speech at southby this sub was plastered with articles about him and the same newer ’ ish accounts were first to comment praising him as the second coming of christ ... but with a skateboard
fascism “ a political theory advocating an authoritarian hierarchical government “ every dictator is fascist . hitler was fascist while working to destroy the german democracy .
removed
removed
removed
removed
so sometimes , appearance matters . thanks .
like they said : her father and brother . the order was given by obama . anwar alawlaki was the first u.s. citizen killed by drone strike without due process . his son abdulrahman also an american citizen was killed a couple weeks later . not sure where the bush connection is , though .
& gt ; he was the only one with enough guts and honesty to name the militaryindustrial complex by name as a collective problem we need to address if we 're going to have democracy and peace . tulsi gabbards main platform is anti regime change wars . she is far stronger on this issue than he is .
americans will complain about aoc calling out ivanka but won ’ t call out their president for calling out literally everyone .
love your username . i seminotkidding think that some of these fox news talking heads are black lodge entities .
removed
that was totally an alexis moment .
that old hag .
i 'd rather a prisoner using a pell grant and being productive with their time
& gt ; sucking up to an authoritarian dictator what the one guy said . & gt ; kim jong un did n't suck up to trump . and your reply ... ... did you ... omg ... guys ... it happened ! ! ! they admit it ! trump is a dictator . they finally see the light ! ! so remember , do n't vote for him , because we do n't want fascism in america .
imagine there 's no heaven it 's easy if you try no hell below us above us only sky imagine killing a few people living for today ah ah ah
you can show this to a million fox viewers and not change a single mind .
removed
yes that 's what i meant when i said we ca n't wait for them . it would take generations . we do n't have that much time .
are you talking about trump ? because he has a distinct and noticeable slur that 's getting worse over the last year .
removed
nobody that doesn ’ t live in conservative headinthesand land has ever heard of that really , really unfunny site dude . you live in a cultish bubble
deleted
removed
a tisket a tasket , a brown and yellow killing a few people in a basket
even if warren carried fortfive states i do n't see the current senate dems electing sanders as majority leader , they 're almost all terrified of him
removed
deleted
aoc is n't wrong , but perhaps she 'd be better off doing her own job in such a way that it does n't put people out of business .
he just lies . all the time . about everything .
their base don ’ t matter . the republican base is 1000 % in the tank for trump .
he 's not using it to excuse human right violations , what are you talking about ? he 's using that fact to excuse our diplomacy talks with them .
deleted
this submission has been automatically removed because the site requires a paid subscription . more information can be found here i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
removed
removed
oddly enough , the bias these people stand is often more like tribalism , rather than staying true to certain particular issues ie pro/anti war , border security , etc .
the independent is no longer a newspaper in the uk and its old website is now solely dedicated to clickbait .
deleted
this is the kind of thing the daily show used to be so good at compiling and throwing back in the face of various media outlets not just fox , but especially fox . i 'm not the trevor noah hater some are , but he does n't have the `` kill them with their own words '' style that jon stewart was so damn good at .
grenade launcher ?
nah . most times it is not legitimate criticism . it is straight up spin and hatchet jobs .
leading a country means killing people . you ca n't explain that .
he uses `` on the other hand '' . that 's always used to list positive things about the second option . `` on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . '' so he says `` well their regime does some bad things , but those things ca n't really be avoided '' , that is justifying their actions , aka defending .
deleted
if you take the clip in its entirety your answer should be evident . i ca n't make you hear things and understand them . you are blinded by your biases . i am liberal as all hell and i 'm defending him because i do n't need to twist words to get upset about things . just give it an objective listen .
i agree that we need to hold people accountable now , starting with the trump administration . commitment to that principle also means refusing to accept apologia about the previous administration . this isn ’ t about “ the both sides argument ” . in two years we will hopefully have a democratic president . the horrible conditions experienced by migrants were tolerated by liberals for eight years before trump came into office . it ’ s great that people care so much right now , but that energy needs to be maintained when the target is within our own party . if people deny that anything was wrong before , they ’ ll have no problem overlooking the same thing next time around . the 2020 candidates need to be competing to have the best policy to fix these problems . that will only happen if they know they ’ ll be held accountable just as much as trump .
first president to enter n korea is historically idiotic ? i don ’ t understand .
bartending is ?
removed
didnt american citizens get droned under obama ?
common ground !
hopefully i ’ m not the only rightofcenter commenter here to declare this a disgusting statement by carlson . no excuse .
this guys a doink . gawd dayumn .
removed
he ’ s an even shittier candidate so that ’ s not surprising
but she is qualified .
where the hell do these people come from .
what did he say/tweet ?
are you going to say that when they round up the journalists you soft lump ?
seriously ? you cite garbage from buttfart to support your lunacy . get a grip !
she isn ’ t smart , she trips herself up when talking or questioning people testifying in front of congress see her questioning the wells fargo ceo where he corrected her about 4 times during the hearing she genuinely is not a smart person . i agree with some of her points she has increase in wages , make big businesses pay taxes , healthcare and schooling affordable . but the media has propped her up so much , that when you actually listen to her speak , it ’ s nothing like this imagine that they have created her to be
if biden wins i will suck up everything negative i ’ ve said about him and phonebank and even canvass if i can . there are ways to phonebank to call people in other areas of the country that may be more meaningful than canvassing in a state biden will win .
removed
you forget that liberman spelling and other democratic senators elected in red states had to be taken into consideration also . would it have been worth losing those seats in hindsight ? maybe . but that 's 20/20
trump is running out of people who should have a reason to be around him , so now he 's going to the clist backup of people that might have a reason to be around him .
this . pointing out facts against trump is completely and utterly useless . he must be attacked and humiliated viciously and constantly or he and his supporters will declare victory . it ’ s essential that the dem candidate : a not ever show him respect . he is a fucking traitor and a criminal . just call him “ donald over here ” , not “ mr . president ” . b insult his intelligence whenever the reporters ask an earnest question about an important topic x , dem candidate should sarcastically as possible point out that donald “ obviously doesn ’ t know a damn thing ” about topic x c attack him for the nepotism and promise to end the crooked practice of filling key roles with family members who know nothing , add no value and draw taxpayer salaries , specifically ivanka and kushner . d remind audience as often as possible that he is an unindicted coconspirator in a felony that his attorney is currently sitting in jail for , e point out that trump is probably only running to keep himself out of jail see point d f point out the grift . talk about the many ways trump is taking us taxpayers for a ride . always mention the cost of his overseas family trips and all the golf outings , and remind people that that represents money going straight from taxpayers ’ wallets into his pockets . g remind people how trump sucks up to putin and wonder why , aloud . also remind people that mueller showed mercy on his namesake son because jr. was literally too dumb to realize he was committing a crime by colluding with russia , and ask whether in light of that , doesn ’ t he owe mueller some gratitude ? h remind people that trump is a credibly accused serial assaulter/rapist of many , many women , and point out how that makes him unfit to lead . etc . etc . you get the point . trolling gets to him . debating him is pointless but embarrassing him is golden .
deleted
having a real job working with normal folks day to day ? and actually being elected ? blow off .
removed
wierd . it ’ s almost as if tucker carlson is talking out of his ass . surely this is unique to him , and not to other fox news “ journalists ” . ... surely .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
nothing about my criticism was intended as a smear of beto . i watched the debate and it looked very much like castro schooled beto on immigration . if i 'm wrong , then i 'm wrong . you can point that out and explain why in your opinion you think i 'm wrong . look . i 'm a bernie/warren supporter . as someone supporting bernie since 2016 , i can not even tell you how many baseless `` bernie bros '' insults i 've received . it used to come from hillary supporters . nowadays it seems to come primarily from biden or buttigieg supporter , but earlier on before buttigieg basically replaced beto as establishment media 's second favorite it was coming largely from beto supporters . & gt ; so , beto supporters are getting a bit touchy about it as a means of trying to tamp that stuff down . you ca n't control what other people say . being `` touchy '' , as you say , is only going to exacerbate divisiveness . all of the candidates are being smeared , especially bernie from all `` sides '' , but sometimes criticism is merely that .
i get that this is all sarcasm . but to answer your question honestly , i can ’ t decipher why exactly ivanka got into wharton.. maybe she is good at taking standardized tests ? she went to a prestigious high school , so maybe that helped . maybe her dad donated a lot of money ... she graduated cum laude , so it does not seem that the work was too difficult for her to handle . do you think that professors gave her better grades because of who her father was ? i ’ m not sure . but regardless , for sake of this conversation i am just trying to present career qualifications , so i am not sure why nepotism matters ? to me , career qualifications means what have you done on the past to be prepared for the work you will be tasked with doing . i think going to a better school and doing more high impact work means that she has better career qualifications than aoc .
carlson : `` it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it '' r/politics : `` fox host tucker carlson defends north korean regime '' reading is hard .
my point about the headline is that a more responsible headline aimed at informing listeners would say ” tucker carlson discusses north korea and human rights abuses “ , which would then present the full clip of his statements regarding the issue . but , surprisingly , they made every choice they could to dumb down the conversation and maximize clicks . the main point is all of the other stuff i wrote in my original comment . how this is the reality of nationstate level politics and to act as if by saying it is the state of affairs tucker is somehow subversive or dangerous . he makes a fair point you would have to be disingenuous to chalk up as fascist rhetoric .
kinda fucked and offensive to all the people who have died , especially otis redding .
biden is tending down and harris is simultaneously tending up
america , how the fuck is this even ok ? this is absurd .
once upon a time killing a few people .
removed
alawlaki was al qaeda or is ?
first off , he ’ s right . second , he literally says in the clip that he ’ s not defending nk .
then why add both sides ? that 's the default for her treatment .
julius goat ! i forgot to add the credit , edited my post .
it ’ s a literal quote of what he said . so , yeah . real news .
yes , i would be very unhappy . that ’ s why when we look at terrible evil regimes , we should know that to someone else , we are doing evil . maybe not the same capacity or meaning , but people die for our socalled “ freedom. ” we have a lot to make better upon . we can ’ t just look at north korea and say that they ’ re evil , and then turn a blind eye to our own atrocities against people , saying they are in the name of “ freedom ” or even “ protection ” and therefor excusable . i hope people examine these things and if they support them , a lot more carefully in the future .
and the comment i responded to uses cnn as a source .
jesus christ it 's so messed up to defend the north korean regime . it 's bad enough how many people they execute for minor crimes but the torture they do is medieval , absolutely barbaric . we should have nothing to do with such an evil regime .
i think it ’ s pretty much never the case . the super wealthy are still sending their kids to elite boarding schools and such . the floor is just lower .
obama . lmmfao . the guy who started bombing yemen , libya , syria etc . yeah somehow we didn ’ t . obama just left north korea alone while they developed icb ’ s and left that in trumps lap . you ’ re a peasant .
because the killing of nazis in '45 stopped too early .
removed
is `` antifa '' really that big of a thing ? are there really that many of them ?
removed
& gt ; i ’ ve never heard of a popular website that doesn ’ t align with my political views & gt ; you live in a bubble 🤣
stay classy louisiana .
deleted
what is this high school ? reminds me of mean girls .
this is a fucking great breakdown 📀
removed
recent headlines : concentration camps in the usa . these guys : hey , at least we ’ re not north korea 🤷🏼‍♂️ .
good lord , the slogan is `` integritas '' they 're going to need to invent a new word for `` trumplevel irony '' .
we 're getting close to finding out how much wealth disparity the country can take before it explodes . we were able to avoid an explosion in the past because the government was smart enough to realize what was at risk .
because he ’ s doing their bidding . they don ’ t care about his character as long as he ’ s doing exactly as they want . they don ’ t care if he acts as a dictator and shuts down any press that speaks ill of him or the right wing agenda he ’ s packing the courts with theocratic judges .
no ; being unkind people makes them unkind people . the fact that they spend their money on vanity surgery does in fact say things about who they are and how they evaluate themselves , their costs and benefits , etc , independent of their other personality traits . making a choice to literally alter the face you present is a choice to be measured and discussed in public figures in as much as any other choice they may make . `` stop judging people by their choices and start judging them by their choices , '' is n't really a very compelling argument to make . stop conflating the two separate things under discussion which convene in ivanka trump .
no it is n't . it 's a sudden abandonment of long standing policy and strategy that can not be returned to once let go , with nothing but trump 's vague vanity fueled notion that it 'll be fine because he thinks kim likes him to replace it .
then stop thinking about it yourself . there is no reason that people should not be expected to pay back their loans . they knew exactly what they were signing up for and should be held to their word as adults . paying off their student loans does not help everyone . it only helps the people that have suffered the least . and what difference is paying their loan off going to make ? they are still not going to be productive . if they were capable of being productive , they would have been productive and paid off their loans . yes , a well educated populace is a good thing . if they are educated in subjects that society needs people to be educated in and not just whatever sounded fun or easy . these people have already received their education . giving them arbitrary handouts will not change the level of education of the population . paying off the student loans would not help me at all . it would punish me for being financially responsible . i will never get back the years i had to put off my career . i will not get back the social life i had to work through to pay for college . handing out money just removes any benefit of the suffering i out myself through and take a giant dump on my chest while telling me to fuck off . and please , no ridiculous claims like the ones i was getting the other day with people claiming that student loans were somehow forcing people to work in food service when they had doctorates . that is bullshit .
do n't forget swift boating in 2004 . republicans can only win with deception . edit : words
our country has higher birth rates than undocumented immigrants . if you were concerned about stressing the system , then you ’ d need to adopt a one child only policy .
we need to vote out her and the rest of the establishment dems
the absolute worst part of this ... . ? the part that leaves a knotted pit in my stomach ... ? trump absolutely saw this ... he probably watched it live and now thinks to himself : `` yea you know what ? it is okay ... ''
removed
whataboutism is the 12 year old equivalent . you did n't even refute the intended point . go cry in your pillow until 2024 .
removed
so enrollment is down and many regret going to college because of fees and student debt . hmmm ... could that be in anyway altered by making college affordable and more available to more people ?
wait , what is this gay waiter stuff ? did he really say this ?
jesus christ dude , you 're really obsessed with her body .
buttigieg has over 70 % name recognition now .
scores of indian civilians died violently in gandhi 's protests and mlk got shot . the only people that benefited from their nonviolence were the governments they were opposing .
well uh oh .
deleted
thirty seconds of googling proves you wrong : & gt ; abbas ' peace plan on 25 august 2014 , abbas announced that he would be presenting to john kerry a new proposal for the peace process ; on 3 september 2014 abbas presented the proposal to john kerry . abbas ' plan calls for nine months of direct talks followed by a threeyear plan for israel to withdraw to the 1967 lines , leaving east jerusalem as palestine 's capital . as part of the plan , israel will freeze all settlement construction as well as release the final batch of prisoners from the previous talks . & gt ; the first three months of the plan would revolve around the borders and potential land swaps for the 1967 lines . the following six months would focus on issues including refugees , jerusalem , settlements , security and water . & gt ; abbas stated that if israel rejected the claim he would push for charges against israel in the international criminal court over the 2014 israel–gaza conflict . additionally if rejected , abbas stated he would turn to the un security council for unilateral measure for a palestinian state . on 1 october 2014 abbas stated he would be presenting his plan to the unsc within two to three weeks , with an application to the icc to follow if it failed to pass the unsc . & gt ; in december 2014 , jordan submitted the proposal to the unsc , which failed when voted on later that month . later that month as previously threatened , abbas signed the treaty to join the icc . israel responded by freezing nis 500 million $ 127 million in palestinian tax revenues . in response to the tax freeze , the plo announced that they may dissolve the pa , leaving israel fully responsible for both the west bank and gaza . wikipedia
the republican party is the new nazi party .
do n't cry because it 's over , smile because you killed a few people
no , you 're thinking of purity rings & amp ; # x200b ; promise rings are like a kind of highschoolmaturitlylevel preengagementring thing that means you 're not ~~plotting nuclear war with~~ dating other people .
free markets always lead to oligopoly , duopoly , and monopoly . it 's just funny that your average republican , who has only taken one econ class , thinks this is what they were taught for a semester . what they were taught was the basics of competitive capitalism , reality is not that .
removed
in this poll , harris leapfrogged her . it looks like it might be the biggest single increase anyone 's had since their initial bump on entering the race .
it makes him an even bigger moron
does he not realize that for north koreans , killing north koreans is killing their own people ?
there 's like 47 different things wrong in this message i do n't even know how to respond . the inspection process is much more intensive than you suggest . we have the ability to inspect any facility if the iaea has reason to believe iran is not in compliance . we can also see this shit from space . you ca n't exactly hide a nuclear program . we would know if they continued . the idea that some dipshit online has a better understanding than an international panel of nuclear experts who designed this deal to give them the ability to monitor iran 's capabilities is hysterical . trump 's own administration were begging him not to void the deal because they knew there is no evidence or reason to believe they were n't in compliance . it 's just fear mongering by assholes who want to provoke a war , again , because they do n't like who 's in power . your understanding of the north korea situation is equally silly . i 'll side step how shallow everything you said is and simply ask : why should kim make a deal to stop their nuclear program when trump has shown he 'll arbitrarily cancel deals with no evidence of noncompliance ?
i can only speak for myself , but i went to a much better school and received a much better education as a result . the way i look at it is , success or failure in the end , judges were forced to make these hard decisions to try and bring some justice to minorities , because politicians would not . the adults , when i was a kid , did n't have the stones to do the right thing , so the kids minority and white suffered . insert timeisacircle.gif from true detective .
hypocrites like the majority of people in this thread . murdering innocents has always been normal in america
to be clear though , their is a white house press corps that travels on state visits with the president and other members of the executive branch . if it was just fox that would be more problematic but other outlets were there . this administration does have a notoriously poor relationship with the press regardless .
the number that `` we 're closely allied with '' are saudi arabia and israel .
they are driven by money , fear , and selfishness and perhaps something inherently and or transcendentally evil .
you think it wasn ’ t but you really don ’ t have any way to know for sure it didn ’ t happen
is this really the `` rich people do n't want more money '' argument ? really ?
`` fremd '' is an adjective and means unfamiliar or strange and `` fremder '' means stranger , which is rather what the is word is aiming at , basically having shame for a stranger ...
from youtube :
he did go to nk , though . he might not have earned the nobel peace prize—it being fairly difficult for any potus to do so—but surely did not bring the usa to the brink of war with iran while supporting murderous dictatorships .
it 's sad that you think that made a positive impact in history . what good came of that again ? enlighten me , seeing as how you are `` above this sub '' and how about we stay on topic . so you agree ? nk is n't that bad ? they are doing what is right to stay a `` strong nation '' ?
look the other way as cocaine and amphetamines are produced and exported because they ’ re so ridiculously corrupt that it ’ s expected to always have cash on hand to bribe police if you travel to their countries ?
she 's turning into poppy .
he ’ s absolutely right . we oppose north korea because they ’ re communist , not because they ’ ve done anything worse than america has .
ok , you keep wondering .
& gt ; he uses `` on the other hand '' . that 's always used to list positive things about the second option . it 's used to give a different perspective , to showcase that the world is not always black and white . it is not him being positive about north korea , but pointing out a fundamental truth about many world governments . people are desperate to be offended by the man , and usually , they have a point , but this is just a reach .
& gt ; `` so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand ... '' he ca n't go 10 words without contradicting himself .
north korea is the most oppressive regime in the world , and kills and tortures citizens for speaking out against kim in any way . that is a far cry from sending troops into war that could get them killed , even a war that leader started . there 's no way to rationalize north korea 's history of human rights violations .
y i k e s
the idea is nice , there ’ s no denying it . everybody living in harmony . nobody having to worry about money when it comes to their health . but for some fucking reason people don ’ t understand that it will literally cripple the entire country . 1 how are you even gon na pay for the healthcare don ’ t use tax the super rich as a method because that ’ s absurd 2 open borders is an open invitation to everybody . that means more people on this universal healthcare . more money . not to mention welfare . not to mention jobs . not to mention a person born and raised in the us is more than likely going to have a better education when competing for the job . not to mention where the fuck are the immigrants going to live because they ’ re not gon na be able to afford to rent a place . oh wait . welfare . even more money . but go on downvote me because you ’ re all too fucking stupid to grasp the concept of “ thing cost money . us no have money ”
& gt ; love how we call effective plans to save millions of people purity tests now . i ’ m not talking about the m4a thing , which warren supports . i ’ m talking about how y ’ all treat everyone who isn ’ t a diehard sanders supporter like they ’ re closet republicans . & gt ; we are made at people trying to do clinton part 2 with her . it 's literally the same thing all over again lol . what , you mean supporting her and voting for her in the primaries ? surprise , sanders is not the only candidate that can inspire genuine enthusiasm . and yet i ’ ve already seen muttering about paid warren shills , and how buttigieg ’ s surge was manufactured by the msmdnc . & gt ; it 's crazy because most of us like warren , whereas most of you hate bernie . this is fucking absurd . bernie was leading warren in the polls by a huge margin up until recently . he is one of the frontrunners no one hates bernie . he ’ s the most popular second choice of warren supporters . notice that biden was the most popular second choice for bernie supporters even before biden started running . honestly , i think y ’ all just miss being the edgy outsiders and don ’ t like the fact that ya boi ’ s ideas are becoming mainstream .
i wouldn ’ t pretend to have any kind of authority over anyone else and i certainly wouldn ’ t pretend like i was among peers at the freaking g20
well i will pitch in for his plane ticket to nk . who is with me ?
no , he 's pointing out that selectively criticizing the president meeting with them , but not as much criticizing him for meeting with saudis , is hypocritical and partisan . saudi arabia is committing genocide right now for your information . & gt ; calls them monsterous , & gt ; calls them indefensible , twice & gt ; calls them tyrannical yeah no , he 's a nazi alright . calling the north korean regime monstrous is a clear dog whistle for nazis ...
who looked over ?
would `` have . '' other than that , yes . precisely .
maybe , but generally you don ’ t kill your own people .
yeah sure , everyone ’ s a lawyer on political subreddits ... i ’ m not talking about sales taxes and excise taxes on guns . if you don ’ t think the nra argues against licensing and permit taxes for guns you don ’ t follow politics much . again , i ’ m not talking about sales taxes . you really don ’ t seem to understand this ...
you guess correctly . no idea on the bribery charges .
`` fremd '' is an adjective and means unfamiliar and `` fremder '' means stranger , which is what the word is aiming at , basically having shame for a stranger ...
that article is six months old . warren pushed in her chips for m4a this week .
it 's just crazy watching a us president commit treaon in real time for us all to watch . from ensuring us elections are not safeguarded to removing official tanscripts of his talks with his handler , putin and illegally working with a foreign power against our own parties .
ca n't have people questioning why saudi arabia is still an ally , obviously .
perfect 👌 un
because the d next to her name .
few groups with few hundred followers ? let ’ s at least start in the realm of reality . i ’ m sorry but fox entertainment is not real news . i dare you to watch one episode of rachel maddow . very enlightening .
removed
so he was defending obama as well
religion has always been used to validate power at the top .
perfectly acceptable political satire . somebody else ’ s hire the cartoonist .
plus some are babies or young kids brought by their parents so there goes the own will argument . i 'm totally fine pointing out we have concentration camps for babies instead of just concentration camps if that makes them feel better .
can you think of any way to attempt to prevent our own government from committing atrocities against our own people ?
biden 's getting propped up by the democratic establishment and slandered by the gop . just like hillary did in 2016 . seems relevant . why should n't we talk about what the wealthy are doing to try and secure the nomination for biden ?
`` peaceful , '' only because he has other people carry out attacks for him .
i don ’ t understand what you mean but i gather that clownworld stuff refers to things that you think are dumb . is trump the king of “ clownworld , ” then ? if not , why not ?
deblasio brought it up at one of the debates , that immigrants are not the reason that we are not getting ahead , that it is big corperations that are running a rigged game .
his top donor just left him . he basically said ‘ my times up ’ and cut himself off mid sentence . he couldn ’ t get out of there fast enough . he ’ s getting old and it ’ s affecting his speech . he ’ s showing too much weakness at this stage .
he said he 's not defending it , but then he did defend it .
i make above that , and my wife ’ s insurance alone is $ 400 a month , it only covers 60 % of costs , and has a $ 7150 deductible .
if pedantry is the only argument you have , let 's pick another word : family . the people fighting the military would generally be the family members of the military . parents , brothers , etc . you tell me how long military members will be able to stomach killing their family members , and the family members of their fellow soldiers . the americans would also be fighting in their own back yards . in your world , would the americans somehow not know their surroundings ?
believe it or not , i was downvoted a bunch in a recent thread about kevin spacey , someone brought up trump 's sexual misconduct allegations and the people in that thread fucking upvoted the shit out of the asshats who said , `` well , okay , but spacey was a child molester , anything to attack trump . '' when a man 's sexual assault suits are an entire wikipedia page , i 'm inclined to believe `` katie johnson '' , the unidentified woman who filed a suit against trump saying she had been raped by trump at 13 over the course of multiple jeffrey epstein parties that he famously attended after being promised a modeling career . it was filed , dropped on a technicality because she was representing herself , refiled , and dropped after alleged death threats to her and her family . even if you do n't believe these allegations , the fact is that trump is buddy buddy with convicted pedophile jeffrey epstein and attended his parties , that he was convicted of pedophilia about , is a little fucking suspect . the fact that people brush over all these allegations as locker room talk and fake news is exactly the reason i 've lost my faith in my fellow americans
how do you nominate someone for a nobel peace prize ? trump is the best president ever and is ten thousand times more deserving of it than obama .
one flew over the killing a few people .
yeah , it was news to me that `` communist '' states are role models now .
he is n't wrong however .
i just finished listening to it could happen here . fucking eye opening stuff .
accidents ? they are n't ideal but they happen .
removed
removed
didnt american citizens get droned to death without due process under obama ?
ralph nader on the ballot caused the recount . if he had not been on the ballot gore would have had enough votes not to have a recount .
it 's terrifying to know you could show this to a fox/trump fan , and they 'd just call it fake news . trump talking about delaying the census makes me worried about him trying to delay the election , and i really do n't think his supporters would care because they are so divorced from reality .
i could see that , maybe combined with a sort of 2004 kerry path where harris and biden take each other out with negative campaigning right before voting starts like dean and gephardt did that time around i agree it 's another unlikely one though
removed
deleted
do n't worry , it 's about to become grossly denormalized very quickly .
sounds like garrison . tell us about orange daddy 's bulging muscles next tucker !
it was fine basking in your apparent natural superiority until you had to put up your own example , apparently .
ps : thnx for the shoutout . always feel i have more and more friends whenever someone loves my name .
is the alternative no acting defense secretary ? man you think at this point they ’ d revolt against trump .
the right has some fucked up world fantasies .
loving v virginia was only 52 fucking years ago . 52 fucking . years . it 's insane the amount of progress we 've managed to make . and the right wants to tear it all back down .
so we take the word of a bartender as some sort of gospel . she is no better than ivanka . just playing at politics .
removed
ivanka is ? what are her qualifications ?
& gt ; man this sub is a little off the deep end . you can filter it . please do .
illinois
thing is , it 's all fine and dandy as long as people they do n't like are being killed . to them that 's justice .
i disagree with her market interventions , but she really knows her stuff in foreign policy . i 'm impressed . i suppose it is too early to know all the positions without looking for it . i did n't and i was wrong to take the author 's word for it then . i also just realized that buttegeig also had a measured and rolled back stance on using the military and curtailing current military operations . thanks for sharing . i think there may be a robust debate on foreign policy coming soon after all . i hope it influences the other frontrunners to readjust their stance to something as comprehensive as this thinking diplomatically and militarily . i just do n't know if it is going to be instinctive for biden and harris to be noninterventionstic when push comes to shove though ; they might lean back into business as usual if things get hairy , or if things are even perceived that way by them .
yeah a comparison making government killing okay . `` our allies do it but north korea does it too so it 's okay cuz you have to when your government '' . it sets up rhetoric for killing political enemies of the state which is n't acceptable .
can , rarely does . the best paid people are bad for the community
when all of my friends when to college it was one of the few times i panic cried . because i was left behind . i had no idea what i was going to do with my life . and that stigma had a lot to do with that . in the moment it felt like i was n't going to be able to do anything , because i was n't going to college .
xd lol 😂 😂 😂 💯 👌 😂 rofl 🤣
it means it 's a ok with tucker carlson to kill political rivals to maintain an iron grip on power , just like in north korea . honestly i want to him to explain exactly what he means , its too late now to get a real answer out of him as i 'm sure he 'll have marketing people telling him to ease up on the fascist rhetoric in reply . i 'd rather he be pressed immediately after this statement on explaining his position .
`` blindly '' ... : p also , `` lock her up ! '' does n't ring a bell ?
the supporters are lost at this point . the adults in the room need to rally and realize we need more people voting .
🤣 omg i love this .
those are all trends that have been happening for years . they spin it to make it look like this is all because of trump . with just a little bit of research and knowledge it 's not difficult to understand . we now have a current president who gave himself a massive tax cut because he saw how good the economy was trending . he called obama 's numbers fake but suddenly they 're real and it 's all because of him . now he increased the deficit significantly . never seen bigger hypocrisy on the right .
no , he 's fairly hard right .
thanks , `` bernie bros '' .
this is some comic book level evil going on here .
i 'm not saying that the dnc cheated . but they clearly have favorites , the `` establishment candidate '' as it were , and those candidates benefit from resources and endorsements . and it 's frustrating to see them sticking to that given how rarely it works . bill clinton was not their favorite . he came from out of nowhere and surprised them and the country as a whole with his popularity . and that was a big shock to the dnc 's system which they 've taken exactly the wrong lesson from . the dnc 's takeaway was `` third way policies are the only way to win elections ! '' rather than `` bill clinton was a charismatic motherfucker . '' and that shit has n't worked for them since . it did n't work for gore . it did n't work when they backed kerry over dean . it did n't work when they backed clinton over obama and again , obama 's image as a candidate was very different from his image as a president . and it did n't work when they backed clinton over bernie . my point is that mainstream opinion just treats it as unquestionable gospel that centrist candidates will win and they have n't for a long time .
perhaps this is the great schism between the left and the right . a heavy majority of people who are on the political right feel that their views are not portrayed correctly in the msm , or in social media , and feel that their views are either misrepresented in these sources , or that the sources themselves are bias and portray a heavy handed disproportionate outrage depending on the story and who it benefits . the trouble is , the sources that you 'll accept , are the same sources that the political right is claiming are bias . cnn just plain is n't going to come out and say `` hey you know what , we favor the political left in our reporting '' , and google and facebook would n't either . this is such a problem , that trump himself as well as several right leaning politicians , especially ted cruz , are starting to form bills and committees to document the biases and with the end goal of formally charging many of these companies with partisan bias , which will made them editorials and no longer immune to whatever their users post . i suppose that we 'll have to wait and see what the results of this committee are , but in the meantime , i hope that you can understand that dilemma presented when i say `` hey , these sources are bias '' and you say `` we 'll they 're also the only sources that i trust '' .
what makes you so sure they 'll provide the exact same insurance policy you enjoyed with your current job ? everyone is switching to high deductible plans now , or even junk policies the trump administration remade legal .
lol what the fuck that 's wrong , he was clearly discrediting that fake news up there
deleted
the problem with bernie is that he is no longer the revolution he was in 2016 . right now , everybody sounds like bernie but younger . bernie was a nonfactor in the debates with warren , harris , castro , pete and even deblasio showing signs of life . the two worst performances were from biden and bernie of the front runners . neither one took advantage of the national stage and neither one looked “ special ” . warren stood out amazingly well as did kamala . bernie ’ s polling is stagnant whereas others are moving up .
she was able to bang ray j because she got a job as brandy 's stylist and helped catapult her to fame .
bernie haters rarely if ever argue with good faith . you ca n't expect his supporters to take blatant hit peices as legitimate criticism . it would be with bad faith to pass off political journalism malpractice as legitimate .
north korea executed its special envoy to the united states kim hyok chol and foreign ministry officials , holding them responsible for the collapse of the u.s.north korea summit in hanoi , a south korean newspaper reported ...
they ’ re fucking insane .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
still does n't make it right . `` so what if we had to kill all the jews ? they were taking our jobs and ruining the middle class . tough choices had to be made . ''
the `` global tyranny of the metric system '' my god .
i do not like this dunleavy guy . how the hell did he get elected ?
not that i agree with the spirit of tuckers comments , but nearly all governments do kill people .
removed
`` eeeh , fugget about it '' – tucker carlson
removed
removed
nah .
there 's also a video somewhere comparing north korean state media talking about kim jong un vs fox news talking about trump . they 're eerily similar .
you know she did a lot more than bartending right ? i guess you do n't know that when you just repeat talking points without any critical thinking or investigation lol
yet the dumbass told trump to back off iran . maybe he thinks trump isn ’ t a good world leader after all
ding ding ding . endgame : 4th reich .
comparing footage from fox news on north korea during obama and trump
i never said we didn ’ t have more . you said we were the only country with freespeech . not true . plenty of countries have limitations on speech . including the united states . you ’ re the one losing this argument .
bragging about getting `` things done '' with segregationists certainly turned out to be an idiotic remark . his campaign staff even said they begged him not to go off script by getting nostalgic for james eastland .
julius goat , i think .
what other countries even have worse human rights records , let alone us doing business with them ? and before you say china , yes they do have an abysmal human rights record . but not as bad as north korea .
i read the headline as a moderate right winger and thought holy fuck , that 's god damned ridiculous and was physically upset as i know far too much about nk and how terribly the people exist there . then i read the fucking article . are you kidding me ? he said perfectly logical things . how is everyone not fucking pissed at reddit for being so obviously biased and pushing this fucking headline ? so many people are going to see the headline , go `` yep haha fuck republican nazis '' and not read . fuck you , /r/politics .
why is this cringey ? i ca n't make out anything being said at all .
& gt ; it 's used to give a different perspective , to showcase that the world is not always black and white . yes , like i said ... used to list the positive side of things ... edit : or neutral things . & gt ; it is not him being positive about north korea no , i never said he did ? like i said in my previous comment `` that is justifying their actions , aka defending . '' my hitler analogy is to show that saying `` i 'm not defending '' means nothing . nothing more . & gt ; people are desperate to be offended by the man people are n't offended . they heavily disagree with him and think it 's not ok that he said this . having an opinion is n't being offended . & gt ; but this is just a reach . i disagree .
wait i ’ m sorry w h a t
this is surreal to the point of being funny . where are those conservatives that would rage immediately without second thought against communism , despots , the failure of state ? that would put hitler , stalin , mao , fidel and che as equals , with no semblance of nuance ? those are just murderers , they would say ! now leading is killing . all that dissipated with trump . everyday , their moral compass , no , moral charade , crumbles down like the sand castle it is . it 's easy to forget past opinions when is not based on thought , but on pseudoemotional rambling .
equally ?
removed
imagine believing this ...
i was just trying to illustrate that no matter how much you try to compromise with republicans at least the ones in dc they will spit in your face and call what you are proposing `` socialism '' . same goes for fox `` news '' .
they appointed the present us president and we are surprised they are exerting more global influence than america ?
removed
yes , tucker carlson is a professional propagandist .
i ’ ve been a liberal progressive in the bay area/sf for almost 40 years . i don ’ t know one person right now where she is their first or second choice . really curious where you ’ re getting the idea everyone here likes her . she has a really bad history here on a lot of different levels .
if you ca n't be bothered to answer my question , i 'm not wasting my time playing your silly games . want to continue ? answer my question .
the us already executes prisoners regularly
if only they had kidnapped him
so everyone being responsible and saving for their future with a 402k , bonds , mutual funds , etfs , iras , pensions , etc are being taxed on every transaction . the people that are managing those accounts are making transactions all the time . how did you not know this ? could it be that you are the dipshit ? the people that are being responsible are being punished and forced to labor for the benefit of people that put their responsibilities off . that is bullshit .
hmmm at least we got mattis , oh wait , shananan , oh wait ... .
removed
removed
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
no , that comment is utterly absurd and hyperbolic . bad policy with north korea is not in the same stratosphere as putting people in work camps and murdering them . trump can ’ t go against the constitution in any real way because conservatives respect it . the only actual concern is his stance on free speech , but even with that i think he knows the bill of rights isnt going anywhere . i actually think the fear mongering of this sub is cancerous and indicative of a broader trend of left media .
removed
do you happen to have a source for that one ? i do n't doubt you , i just has n't heard that part of the story .
well , america is . i mean , it 's what got her elected afterall
she ’ s talking about the military industrial “ ecosystem ” . the military suppliers make the real money in the us . she wants part of that . she thinks she can get some role as a female figurehead . the trumps are stupid as the day is long , but they know where the money is .
okay what . and again , w h a t ?
so , you think that we need to continue to waste lives on that line ?
& gt ; but look at their sciences . jesus christ i ’ ve never felt so stupid in a room . those folks think so god damn fast that is the whole point . hire great scientists to make their other departments look better . it is like the infowar gay frog trick . yes , there are gay frogs but it doesnt mean the other things are true .
removed
a roughed up white house press secretary ?
for the people !
go live there awhile , and yes , trump is killing me .
glad we can agree that the u.s. has the most free speech , and the only country in the world with free expression .
hell the us has been killing people for decades all over the world ... . name one president that has n't done something that killed people ...
& gt ; true , but bernie ’ s supporters never accept that he has real flaws . they don ’ t argue in good faith . projection level set to max , i see .
excuse me , i 'll have you know dr. ronny jackson aka dr. feelgood said trump is the healthiest man in the known universe . how very dare you dispute this !
deleted
follow up . obama was from hawaii and illinois . and look what do ya know ya he represented all americans as president
you can be pretty sure that it 's worse than what media has reported . these sites are operating in a black box , and based on previous reports the workers are n't being properly screened , if at all . this is a recipe for disaster when it comes to individuals who exploit positions of power , people without the ability to cope with stress , and pedophiles .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
removed
first , that link doesn ’ t support your argument . she narrowly won a.g. the first time , being totally new to most californians . she crushed during her reelection . she won her senate seat handily over a nationally recognized congresswoman , loretta sanchez . and she did so by first winning the endorsement of her party . second , do you earnestly believe donald trump can make a case that anything harris has done in her personal life is disqualifying ? he is a serial adulterer and sexual predator , completely lacking in moral character . trump can ’ t run on family values or anything close to it . if that ’ s the scandal they want to manufacture , the well must be running dry . you typed it , so you should know .
i just saw the clip where they were pushing through to the press room , and i had to check 3 , maybe 5 times when i saw the american flags next to the north korean flags . just had a very powerful , negative feeling . this administration 's legitimized north korea with the 2 summits and now this , as others pointed out last year .
what👏the👏fuck👏is👏going👏on
where in the rules of the universe says i have to prove it ?
the account manager that is buying and selling constantly for their clients . those transactions would be taxed , which costs who ever the poor person is trying to invest for their future . this would negatively impact the majority of americans .
removed
peaceful ? he led his proud boy buddies to a girl and they beat her with a metal bar . they broke her spine ...
damm there a lot of gilded comments that have been deleted
wow , this is great news ! let trump try to appeal that , he will look like shit ! ! ! !
& gt ; first of all , it 's a continuation of the same temporary living facilities that obama had .
i think you do n't know about robert byrd . but let 's both continue to underestimate each other 's intelligence .
rumsfeld also bought an old slave property . i remember the horror hearing that story as though he was an anomaly of racism . how my expectation of people in positions of power on the right being even a little ethical has changed .
ugh fuck , you 're right . i misremembered that . and she 's currently behind bars again . i think at the time it was actually nice that he did some good fucking finally . i really really wanted to like him .
both had/have misshaped abnormal genitals
& gt ; gilliam ’ s order also allowed for an immediate appeal of his decision and the administration is expected to file an emergency motion over the weekend . could someone explain this in a little more detail ? what exactly is an `` emergency motion '' and what does this mean going forward ?
you think kim gives a shit which president it is ? trump , obama , clinton , fucking bozo the clown . would n't matter , kim is meeting with the office , not the person . because meeting with the office gives him legitimacy . now i 've been trying to figure out why trump supporters were n't buying the same arguments about diplomacy when it was ron paul making them . but that 's besides the point . now i need you guys to figure out that taking the right golf club out of the bag is half the battle , you still got ta not shank it into the woods . and trump , unless he 's actually playing golf , is shanking it quite often .
thank you 🙏
30 % of dem voters don ’ t know who he is and an incremental portion of the population still don ’ t know what his policies are
oranges .
or , you know , its just the right trying to justify it as good because trump did . and to justify his private conversations with putin , and supporting the killing by saudi arabia of the reporter ... . its really not hard to spin anything you want to something palatable , which is exactly what is being done here . and the rightwing lap it up . individual thought left years ago for you guys .
& gt ; i don ’ t know what the best solution is for everyone , but that can ’ t be it . i couldn ’ t agree more . my intention in replying to the first poster was to convey the seriousness of losing your health and the unpredictability . i don ’ t think that anyone should be in this situation whether their a documented citizen or otherwise . refusing someone healthcare because they forgot to fill out a government document on time , or because they came to this country as a result of a situation they couldn ’ t control seems barbaric to me . i don ’ t think we can call ourselves the greatest country in the world when people are going broke just trying to stay alive , and that ’ s why i support medicare or another health program for all including undocumented immigrants . edit : i now see where i misunderstood you . when you said “ they can join the club ” i thought you meant become citizens and get access to a hypothetical healthcare plan that was available for citizens but not noncitizens . i see now that you were quite clearly just saying that we as citizens are currently in the same boat . i just hope it gets resolved for all us residents . sorry for the misunderstanding !
this entire comment just illustrates how ignorant you are . people read this and lump you onto the same category as ivanka . a child who does n't understand what they 're talking about but who desperately wants to be taken seriously .
yeah that ’ s not plausible and that ’ s the issue . this is a stupid photo op with no chance of success
just telling it like it is .
removed
trump 's a meathead . does n't that count ?
not state media , it ’ s party media .
i mean yeah tucker is sometimes an idiot but don ’ t generalize about an entire group of people based on a few . ^kind ^of ^what ^nazis ^did
no , it is n't .
wat ? instagram ? art grants ? it 's like you 're talking an entirely different universe 's concerns .
last time i checked insurance companies were n't killing people
wow , you guys really like to take things out of context , do n't you ?
i 'm no big city lawyer , but you really need to start reading articles before you jump in . have you looked at biden 's polling with age groups below 50 ? it 's not good . edit : that 's twice in one hour you 've substituted your own extremely biased , unsubstantiated views for any objective reality presented in the article of discussion . & gt ; now as for your comment about `` idiotic remarks , '' i 'd watch yourself because you 're making one right there . can you give me a source on any `` idiotic remarks '' he has made , and i 'll give you a dozen reasons why that remark was entirely onpoint and warranted . give me a source , and i 'll correct you . how about his recent one in seattle ?
i feel like we 're getting perilously close to trump just flatout threatening the american people with violence .
why do you support terrorists who threaten to murder state police . i do n't give a fuck how much your gas costs . buy a fucking scooter for all i care . take the fucking bus . ride a train . but most importantly , answer my question , terrorist lover .
god this subreddit is as fucking delusional as the morons from the\_donald calling their quarantine government censorship . reddit needs to quarantine this place just as bad as the\_dingdong , or at least remove it from the default subreddit pool , so people are n't subjected to the gaslight every time they are n't logged in . & amp ; # x200b ; i 'm a legal immigrant , living in a swing state but surrounded by blatant red supporters and feel zero threat to my livelihood or place here at all . i make a decent salary , and all of it goes back into the economy in the usa . that 's all politicians care about . i pay my taxes , spend money on local businesses , and respect the environment . something most native americans barely even think about .
on the other hand ... i 'm a giant fucking douchebag and you asshats keep giving me airtime , so ... kill people . that 's what i say .
that ’ s what i think too . she probably pointed to one she liked and took all the credit .
so glad to see some more news getting plugged . the work they all do is outstanding .
when people here are wondering how trump got reelected next november , we can point to that shit as exhibit a
you sincerely think tucker carlson is an example of unbiased journalism ? i 'm talking about beyond this quote . him in general . you think he 's unbiased ?
they honestly think their kids are hard workers and deserve all the credit they get passed down to them ... err i mean earned .
cough pelosi
i bet she would be a good stylist .
it 's a 19 second video though . i do n't really get where people are assumming she just waddled over to the group and started to interject nonsense . there may have been a considerable amount of exchange with each other before this . the only words i hear are `` men dominated career . '' out of context you could spin that any way , but what were they originally talking about ?
imagine actually believing trump could put us citizens in confinement for no reason .
especially because no one wants trump to be doing business with other countries with human rights violations see : saudi arabia . so essentially carlson is saying it ’ s okay to work with countries with these records because we already do , but no one is telling trump to work with said countries , in fact it ’ s the opposite .
kju killed his own relatives . so did his dad .
this increases kim 's strength in the dprk though .
this is about as sexist as it gets . but she ’ s a conservative woman , so it doesn ’ t count personally , i think ivanka is the smartest of the bunch . and donald knows this .
if i 'm getting the gist of this correct , this is quite despicable . alaska republicans have tried to block the state 's medicare from paying for abortions outside of rape and incest . the alaskan supreme court has deemed this unconstitutional . in retaliation , the republican governor has pulled judicial funding .
otto didnt commit a crime .
true . but damn there are a lot of fence sitters out there . which is kind of crazy .
for me ? none . my parents did n't have the money to help me out . that said , it should be recognized and said that these kinds of situations are few and far between . but we 're out there . what helped out in my case was the fact that i live in a small town and was able to jump through the usda firsttime home buyer program 's seemingly infinite amount of hoops . i have to tell you , i was scared shitless of losing the house at every step of the way , even for a few minutes after we signed all of our closing documents . it was such a fucked up process that i was almost certain something got missed that would have fucked the entire thing up .
deleted
basically boiling the frog .
`` if we work our butts off to make sure that we take back all three chambers of congress — uh , rather all three chambers of government : the presidency , the senate , and the house , '' ocasiocortez said in a pitch to recruit more farleft political candidates '' that 's the quote . both three chambers of government and three chambers of congress is wrong . house , senate and presidency is n't correct either . it 's three branches if government , the executive branch , legislative branch and judicial branch . even to correct that 'misspoken ' phrase she clearly does n't understand what she is talking about in that quote . there are only two chambers of congress . there are three branches of government . she did not accurately describe/refer to either of them , so even correcting for the verbal slip of saying chambers instead of branches she demonstrated a clear lack of understanding of the system she was voted into as a representative . i feel like if you had actually engaged with that story you 'd recognise she made a mistake how big that mistake is depends on how important you think understanding the political system is . did you just take someone 's word for it that it was a verbal slip ? or did you actually watch the video of it ? i think it 's your credibility that is struggling here , since you clearly do n't make your mind up for yourself and just take the position someone else has told you to take .
nope , nobody cares those meager salaries , it 's the hundreds of millions they make on the side by corruption that is the issue . this takes all the wind out of your argument .
oh , i agree 110 % we should n't compromise anymore with republicans . i 'm just saying that it was n't that cut and dry in 20082010 .
“ tucker defends north korea. ” the headline . “ there ’ s no defending north korea , but leading a country means killing people , and it sometimes means working with people who suck. ” tucker , in the article . well , it ’ s better than the articles that completely omit what he fully said , but this is a clearly misconstrued head line ... and people here don ’ t read beyond the headlines ... i mean , what does he mean by “ killing people ? ” which people , precisely ? does he just mean the death penalty , or does he extend beyond that ? as long as we don ’ t know that , we can ’ t assume the absolute worst about him ...
gross glad we are giving uncle joe the same scrutiny . oh right he said sorry lol
the imf is a fantastic bank for despotic rulers they get to `` borrow '' billions of dollars , steal as much as possible , and leave the mess for somebody else to clean up . it 's a loan shark that owns somebody else's descendants as payment for your debt . kinda like the $ 1t trump/mcconnell tax cuts , tbh .
since when ?
removed
hi ` dottiemommy ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason : already submitted : this article has been submitted to /r/politics within the last three days : i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
removed
bobby b wasn ’ t so bad in comparison .
i 've met more nazis than antifa , not even kidding , so they cant be that common
the narrative of “ pete isn ’ t getting poc support ” is somewhat selffulfilling too . it happened with bernie in 2016 . ultimately , it ’ ll require biden to lose his huge lead in that demographic for others to gain there
i 'm gon na pile in on this . have a tissue handy .
& gt ; vote third party blaming people who voted third party is a cop out . very few americans can alter a presidential election by abandoning a third party because of the electoral college . also , if you lose because a third party robbed you of votes , you clearly do n't have the right policies to gather the necessary votes . a strong third party would actually pressure both parties away from absolutism .
you can lead a horse to water but you ca n't make it kill~~ing~~ a few people .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
removed
in the 14 points of fascism , i think this one lands here : & gt ; disdain for the recognition of human rights
i don ’ t want either of them there .
removed
still miles ahead of trump 's zero tolerance policy . obama even had a program to prioritize processing pregnant women and families with young children . and he did the humane `` catch and release '' program that was very successful 96 % showed up for their hearings . kids were only separated if parent wasnt the actual parent , or parent had criminal history . trump decided every single family would be split up . and didnt even announce his zero tolerance policy until it had already been in effect for a year ! edit this wiki page has a great breakdown and comparisons :
it 's been turned in to an issue of race when the original tweet was clearly about culture .
government subsidies are the reason it 's so expensive . if an institution knows it 's guaranteed by big government , they 'll charge more . government is rarely the solution to problems . we knew it in 1775 and we have forgotten it now .
if you are a progressive , why warren over bernie ? i find that to be illogical .
& gt ; yes , like i said ... used to list the positive side of things ... no , a different perspective does not mean a positive and a negative , it can mean a different perspective . & gt ; no , i never said he did ? like i said in my previous comment `` that is justifying their actions , aka defending . '' yeah and you are welcome to your opinion but i hate this train of thought . there is more to an argument than praise and condemnation , serious issues need to be treated seriously . edit : not that i think tucker 's show does that , but his statement on this matter is correct and had it been uttered by someone without such a clearly republican show it would not be as controversial as it is on this sub .
despite what some of the president ’ s supporters think , you can not celebrate his policies and ignore his poor behavior .
removed
trump props up mass murdering dictators while his own press secretary is being assaulted by the dictators troops , and he still supports the dictator . go ahead , vote for that weak , immoral coward .
even if he does broker the peace deal of the century and saves the entire population of north korea from starvation and unifies the two countries in a mutually economically beneficial way , i ca n't imagine being able to stomach that man getting a nobel prize . it 'd be like `` yeah you did this one thing , but everything else about you is abhorrent to society ''
2.57 a gallon on the way to work.. will see what it looks like on the way home .
wall street =/= main street
i fully agree . and , despite risk of us now disagreeing , i 'm seeing most of the astroturf support in this sub now defending buttigieg , and doing so very toxically .
got it . only sanders supporters can determine what is legitimate criticism while no one else gets that courtesy .
removed
she has dropped a point since the last poll
they 're so afraid of people witnessing their cruelty and ineptitude , like every other bully .
is he spitting out partially chewed snickers bars
deleted
and yet , you 're the only person on this thread constantly talking about it . i wonder why ?
his corruption was in full swing even during the election .
& gt ; please point me to where i called him a friend . that is true . tucker is way too hot to be just friends with .
aww , a professional asshole got hit with a pie because people think he 's an asshole .
why did you ignore the rest of their comment ?
that would be great . but carlson is still preferable to bolton .
that ’ s a fucked up , jaded , and shallowminded view of things , but he ’ s not exactly wrong . you ’ d be hardpressed to find any major world government which doesn ’ t kill—or otherwise destroy/neutralize—dissidents along with any other perceived threats to said regime ’ s authority . feel free to debate me on this .
keep 'em coming tucker , even fox news will have to fire your whacko ass eventually .
it 's fucking tucker carlson .
her appearance is relevant because it represents a material , significant choice she made to literally change the face she presents to the world . that is a choice . that is an action . that is exactly the kind of thing you examine when you discuss someone 's character their actions .

how did you make that leap ? the only 'leader ' that has inflamed the situation in nk is trump .

`` those bodies were dead when we found them . what , now we 're not supposed to bury bodies in an unmarked grave in the desert ? that 's just what happens . ''
this needs to be higher . i remember it well . they skewered obama for even entertaining the possibility of dialogue with nk . then they turn around and pretend trump is a hero for getting played by nk and our media says nothing , never bothers to set the record straight .
and if people are holding etfs in their accounts , the trades of the underlying stocks making up the etf are still going to be taxed . additionally , why should responsible people be forced to work more to pay for the people that put off their responsibilities and then decided they did not want to hold up their end of the deal ?
everyone if examined hard enough has some kind of racist behavior
removed
no and no . this is gaslighting .
they are waiting to build as much evidence as possible and time it right that it will sting harder for republican voters and cause more swing votes .
lmfao , she is a fucking poser
i can ’ t even waste any more time with loudmouth knownothings today . i know you think you ’ re v smart but you ’ re conflating two v different kinds of elections .
deleted
that 's what black sites are for and they already exist .
hi ` undergroundceo ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : no copypasted articles please do not submit articles or videos that are a direct , complete copypaste of original reporting . articles or videos that add another take on a subject , or include different verbiage or context are allowed . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
yuuuup
this is crazy . worse yet , the cult following believes this . we should n't be making jokes about this . trumps base is seething to go to war . & amp ; # x200b ; is n't this how fascism works ? is n't this how nazi 's reached a point where they felt comfortable killing people in broad daylight in the street ?
the article literally quotes carlson as saying , `` there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world . '' really misleading headline .
what , a billionaire bimbo barbie isn ’ t a qualified diplomat !
he ’ s not wrong . there will always be revolutionaries and extremists that just can ’ t live within the rule of law and it ’ s either them or you .
& gt ; this is hardly the time for someone of little experience or clout to take charge as the military ’ s civilian leader second only to the president . civilian authority in the pentagon has significantly eroded during trump ’ s presidency , sparking an exodus of midlevel officials . senior military officers have also lost influence , especially since december , when trump announced—a year ahead of time—the replacement for the current chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , gen. joseph dunford . the chiefs , including dunford , have opposed several of trump ’ s actions—his withdrawal from the iran nuclear deal , his withdrawal from the intermediaterange nuclear forces treaty with russia , and his recent saberrattling moves with iran . & gt ; & gt ; the vacuum in defense circles has been filled by national security adviser john bolton , who has long pushed for regime change in iran and has done everything he can to block trump ’ s dubious détente with north korea , and secretary of state mike pompeo , who basically says and does whatever he thinks trump wants him to—an attitude that has aligned him with bolton , especially on iran . & gt ; & gt ; in recent weeks , trump has expressed alarm at the momentum toward war with the islamic republic , putting out the word that he meant for his “ maximum pressure ” policy to coerce iran to the bargaining tables , to negotiate a “ better ” nuclear deal—not to spark a war . he has said he wants iran ’ s leaders to call him and even gave swiss officials , who have served as intermediaries in past periods of u.s.iranian tensions , a phone number where he can be reached . & gt ; & gt ; there is no one around trump right now who has the inclination , the power , or the ability to steer him down a more diplomatic path . and that ’ s his fault . he has said repeatedly , since before he took office , that he only hires the “ best ” people . as he has demonstrated over and over , he has never known—and still doesn ’ t know—what that means . & amp ; # x200b ; thanks to trump 's incompetence is the first sentence of every analysis of his administration 's policies .
holy shit ! that is a big leap , i remember people were saying for a long time that warren was the solid second place runner ? i wonder of harris will wind up in second place eventually , if sanders ends up dropping out ? heck i wonder what would happen if biden drops out ?
it ’ s upsetting and baffling to me . but i ’ m also not fond of instagram clips and tweets from random people being used as news article sources .
what ? ! the children of wealthy powerful people are given opportunities simply because of their parents power and wealth ? ! ? ! ? color me shocked . fyi being a bartender doesn ’ t mean you are intelligent .
and why do you believe they give the left a bad name for their passionate opposition to nazism ? do ww2 vets give americans a bad name ?
got it . bernie just cares too much .
most services dont require a $ 2000/month retainer
whoops . my bad . saw a bunch of her in the news the last couple days and it blended into my brain .
2.44 over here .
removed
removed
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
you ’ re new to the internet i ’ m guessing ?
no , the narrative is `` cementmilkshakes '' .
if he ’ s not defending north korea then what the fuck was the point of his comment ?
removed
being elected vs. appointed by your daddy is a big difference in a government position . not sure why this is so hard to grasp
actual title of article : & gt ; antifa attack conservative blogger andy ngo amid violence at portland proud boys protest from the rules that are clearly posted on the right sidebar of this page : & gt ; 3 . title : not exact headline . so mods will eventually remove this post . regardless , violence should not be tolerated from anybody . however , rightwingers need to deal with their extremists before sanctimoniously lecturing the rest of us with snark . & gt ; all of the extremist killings in the us in 2018 had links to rightwing extremism , according to new report
you misspelled “ shit ” 👍🏻
removed
removed
the profound like experience highly elated him in the same regard .
righteous , thanks brah 🤙
pointing out an obvious truth is neither to encourage or support it . if i say a lot of women get raped ... do you conclude that i 'm pro rape ?
if it 's obviously not a bad thing , why was not doing it the non controversial policy and strategy of the us for decades , around half a century in fact ?
have done so . i emailed the fuck a little while back , asking why he was doing absolutely nothing on my dime . he told me that the latest senate session 116 ? was the `` most productive senate session ever '' and that he `` looks forward to my support '' . it was an obvious form letter , but i ca n't see anybody buying into that drivel .
which makes him an asshole . it is the best way for people to retire well . there is no good excuse for him to be treating people that are acting responsibly ly so poorly .
`` there 's no defending it , on the other hand ... '' the part immediately after this is where he defended north korea . i know you arent illiterate . this is not considered unbiased journalism at all by anyone .
because i ask about insurance benefits before deciding where to work ?
and if we do n't significantly decrease the amount of gas we use , it could cost us our lives .
have some eggyweggs and toast . it ’ ll clear it right up .
bartenders know the people more than anyone .
removed
when obama was in office it took them a long time to respond when ted cruz and rand paul asked if they would use drones on american citizens on american soil . it made for interesting tv .
what would jesus do ?
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
yea i know . just saying in general he doesn ’ t care about the laws in place .
it 's like kim kardashian pretending to be a lawyer
removed
a unique thing in america it would seem . meghan mccain , chelsea clinton , ivanka trump , liz cheney .
& gt ; if dems want to sound more reasonable , then begin by forgiving interest on student loans but only on accounts where payments are kept current . this is a reasonable proposal .
deleted
& gt ; cnn is certainly more on the left no they are not , just because they report the news on batshit insane republicans does n't mean they lean left . it 's simply republicans being batshit insane . cnn ca n't help it that reporting the actual news reflects badly on republicans . it 's because republicans are actually objectively wrong . besides if anything they help trump by reporting on every fucking brainfart of that idiot .
she will lose if it ’ s kamala vs trump in 2020 . maybe a good vp pick .
deleted
idk who brandy is , but i fully believe you haha
well , as ashamed as i am to admit it , i 'm not super familiar with those paradigms in the field of international relations , and now i feel kind of stupid . though , on the flip side , i 'm reading about it now as a result of your response so i can hopefully refine what i think one way or another . thanks for the info and correction and another rabbit hole to go down . i 've kinda been looking for one .
she was elected . ivanka was not .
namecalling for what reason , exactly ? you 're certainly reinforcing some perceptions of your generation too , but i 'll leave that for another time . fight the ideas , not the person , please .
nk feeds people like carson to dogs on the regular .
i know what you are saying and i agree , but the reality of the situation you 100 % can , they do it everyday in real life , on twitter , on reddit and even person to person .
okay what ’ s all the removed about ? pm me if it ’ ll just get removed again .
glad that we can agree that when you wrote this : “ it ’ s the only country with free speech , for one. ” you were is incorrect about that , as you were about carl lewis running in the 1936 olympics .
i mean , it 's a bar tender that effectively ran a winning run for public office . if it were her cousin or something at an equally prestigious event , then yeah i 'd have your side . it 's like if i a person who has no experience in formula 1 racing were in a room full of f1 drivers and i was trying to get into a conversation to have my opinion heard on the topic of a certain track .
dude , it 's not about being above pettiness . you have to be able to fight for your cause . civility , respectfulness , decency , blah , blah , blah . honestly none of that means anything if you capitulate to a fascist . i 'm not saying beto should resort to underhanded tactics , but ffs stand up for yourself if you have a defense when challenged . this is a presidential race , not a presidential kindhearted decisionmaking process .
i consider kamala harris still part of the establishment , so really it 's 3 sides
obama 's drone strikes are akin to the time when calvary became tanks . advances in technology have unintended consequences and drones were obama 's calvary to tank .
the independent and democrat split the vote
“ they usurped their authority in a manner that took away the rights of citizens , ” minnery said sorry sir , they did no such thing . it was found in conflict with the constitution and you simply do n't like the results because they do n't align with your beliefs .
i can ’ t believe there are this many morons in the country that still support this pathetic family .
& gt ; no , a different perspective does not mean a positive and a negative , it can mean a different perspective . and the use of that different perspective is ? showing something in another way ... in short , showing something negative as positive or the other way around . if thing a is seen as negative , then a different perspective can show a as something positive or neutral . anyway that 's semantics and has no value in the discussion . & gt ; serious issues need to be treated seriously . i agree . a person justifying a country killing its own citizens is a very serious issue . which is why i do n't get how you justify it .
i support this plan , if by assult , they mean submachine guns .
mate , not even close .
you 're the first person to bring up rednecks in this thread , unless i 'm mistaken you seem to be the only person conflating all republicans with rednecks .
i would hope i wouldn ’ t be a sociopath , so completely detached from reality that i would believe that the number i inherited into my bank account somehow endowed me with an innate authority over other human beings despite being completely and utterly unqualified in every conceivable way
meanwhile every other dem candidate is parroting his entire platform and talking about the things he talked about 4 years ago and 30 years ago .
that 's an article from the heritage foundation about renowned antitransgender activist paul mchugh and his misuse of the study from dr. dhejne on posttransition suicide rates . i think this reddit post sums up the issue quite well .
removed
carlson : north korea is bad , but on the other hand everybody is also bad . sure sounds like a halfhearted defense to me .
removed
it really begs the question . does children trap in school 's detention lack food and soap ?
that 's the comment that stuck out to me , too . tucker what you said it literally a relativist statement .
true . i find it distasteful when any of them bring their families into it , just like when the presidential candidates do , or daytime talk shows .
rumor has it tucker was telling trump to not bomb strike iran , and allegedly is the reason trump changed his mind 10 minutes before the strike .
& gt ; a federal judge has ordered immigration officials to allow doctors and public health professionals into detention facilities housing migrant children to address safety and sanitation concerns . & gt ; & gt ; u.s. district judge dolly gee of california ’ s central district asked on friday for an independent monitor to ensure that the government quickly deals with the allegedly filthy conditions in border patrol facilities and that doctors assess the detained children ’ s medical needs , according to the new york times . gee gave a july 12 deadline for the trump administration to report on what has been done “ post haste ” to fix the conditions . finally , a check on border patrol and ice 's fascist treatment of immigrants under the direct of the trump administration .
m'kay .
after 2020 , nobody but the fbi and the southern district of ny will give a fuck about donny jr. not even guilfoyle
poor guy , i would hate to be in such a public position while i 'm facing such a breakdown .
obama did n't let his press secretary get assaulted while he praised the dictator whose troops were assaulting her . trump did , because he 's an idiotic coward .
& gt ; this year , a methodist le bonheur healthcare housekeeper left her job just three hours into her shift and caught a bus to shelby county general sessions court . & gt ; & gt ; wearing her black and gray uniform , she had a different kind of appointment with her employer : the hospital was suing her for unpaid medical bills . in 2017 , the nonprofit hospital system based in memphis sued the woman for the cost of hospital stays to treat chronic abdominal pain she experienced before the hospital hired her . she now owes methodist more than $ 23,000 , including around $ 5,800 in attorney ’ s fees . & gt ; & gt ; it ’ s surreal , she said , to be sued by the organization that pays her $ 12.25 an hour . “ you know how much you pay me . and the money you ’ re paying , i can ’ t live on , ” said the housekeeper , who asked that her name not be used for fear that the hospital would fire her for talking to a reporter . & gt ; & gt ; from 2014 through 2018 , the hospital system affiliated with the united methodist church has filed more than 8,300 lawsuits against patients , including its own workers . after winning judgments , it has sought to garnish the wages of more than 160 methodist workers and has actually done so in more than 70 instances over that time , according to an mlk50propublica analysis of shelby county general sessions court records , online docket reports and case files . & gt ; & gt ; ... it ’ s not uncommon for hospitals to sue patients over unpaid debts , but what is striking at methodist , the largest hospital system in the memphis region , is how many of those patients end up being its own employees . hardly a week goes by in which methodist workers aren ’ t on the court docket fighting debt lawsuits filed by their employer . & gt ; & gt ; making matters worse , employees say , is that methodist ’ s health insurance benefits only allow employees to seek medical care at methodist facilities , even though the financial assistance policies at its competitors are more generous .
now , now ... do n't forget the sarah huckabees , the duncan hunters , and the megan mccains ...
i agree . let 's start by arresting the gop senators in oregon . and the militia fucks threatening vio9lence on their behalf .
i wonder how much they dismiss her though . they may not take her advice but i ’ m sure she still gets attention from them because she still has influence to pedal .
normal would be eating , breathing , sleeping etc ... killing other humans although acceptable under certain circumstances is not ‘ normal ’
removed
& gt ; but she is qualified . holding her creepy daddy 's hand is not a valid qualification .
comparisons have been made between him and hitler before he was elected . nothing has changed .
the founders did n't want us to have a standing army , so we could stay out of european conflicts . but , they did n't foresee us 200 years hence as a world superpower with international trade and other relations . so , we now have a standing military not a militia and international security commitments . thus , we 've been pulled into a lot of conflicts meant to keep us and our allies/friends safe . it does n't make us bad . after all , we did n't start all these wars for conquest or anything like that .
“ you guys ” ? are we on teams or something ? pretty broad stroke pal .
& gt ; you know what i would do if i did n't have to pay my insert literally any debt payment each month ?
carlson is by no means ‘ antiwar ’ , and he doesn ’ t belong doing anything with international policy . he isn ’ t an elected or congressionally approved official , and he needs to stay the fuck in his lane
the full quote ? it ’ s misleading to provide an out of context soundbite .
good luck not doing business with china .
seems to be the only thing the rightwingers know to say anymore when they 're caught redhanded .
deleted
removed
well besides the us did actually do business with the nazis before ww2 , the ugandans torture gays by burning them alive in tires , we had a working relationship with the soviet union from 19411945 , saudi arabia , iran , iraq , palestine ... not to mention the latin american dictators we helped raise to power . oh and we do n't know china 's full human rights record because a lot of it is classified . it 's much worse than they let on .
this is a side effect more than anything . he genuinely likes kim jongun . he 's only said anything against him when he personally insulted him .
tucker carlson cant defend north korea 's actions . news story headline tucker defends north korea . fake news .
he looks how all of us feel .
“ i ’ m not defending them ” while going straight into defending themsss
i really think bernie 's campaign needs to get better at giving him talking points and mixing it up . he needs be trained how to respond to the media 's bad faith bullshit too . he needs to understand that anyone with a camera and microphone has a very clear goal to smear him , so he needs to be prepared to hit back with responses that make _them_ sound like the radicals . they are openly arguing against the poor and that must be known . bernie needs to implement mlk and fdr in his debates/speeches .
obviously diplomacy and international pressure are the preferred method of persuasion . regime change as a strategic objective of a war , could be justified , but depends on what the justification really is . the banana wars of the early 20th century , so american business interests can act with impunity in those countries , are completely unacceptable , as argued by smedley d. butler on the other hand , a regime that is attacking the us military in international waters and airspace , while starting a war by invading and trying to conquer a us ally , while harbouring and sponsoring terrorists who are launching terrorist attacks against us citizens , a military response is justified . in the second case , it may be in some circumstances that regime change is the most efficient way to achieve peace , in others if peaceful means do n't work , militarily defeating the country and then negotiation of peace may be more practical . a military presence , along with allies in the region , could enhance the strength of us diplomacy , but the us military should not be a stick to create vassal states . a country invading an us ally is probably a red line , but this does n't give us allies cover to act aggressively . regime change both in us policy and international law should be a last resort .
i hope that one of these right wing lunatics is actually a highly trained cia plant or something , trained specifically for this scenario , patiently waiting to save the world from this mess . please .
doesn ’ t go far enough . they all need to be thrown in a volcano and pissed on or my vote walks .
lots of things
my biggest fear is that we defeat trump and regain control of the senate and gain more seats in the house and make the same mistakes of `` compromising '' with the likes of obstructionist mitch and the gop establishment , we will end up returning to the circumstances that lead to trump being elected in the first place .
i think he wanted a good story , and the sympathy of the maga crowd , and the attackers provided him with one .
bonus points : remember that our dear leader brought this fuck with him in an officially invited capacity , passing over his own national security advisor . it 's not just fascism he 's priming us for , it 's statesponsored propaganda and casual disposal of anyone who might have even a little bit of his/her/their own opinion or information .
it 's not ?
deleted
the greater good
ivanka wouldnt have lost billions in jobs for new york . aoc is a genuine idiot , she was a waitress while ivanka has been groomed to help with the trump empire for years . she is very much qualified with her experience to deal with world leaders and business magnates . are world leaders families suddenly supposed to be out of everything ? just a dumb jealous socialist looking for relevance . she should stick to the green new joke and cooking blogs on snapchat
gorsuch is in the stolen seat , he should go before brett .
eh
celebrity deathmatch
& gt ; ww2 vets have nothing to do with anything here .
good . if biden ca n't answer kamala effectively on this how can he stand toe to toe with trump ? he needs to buck up and actually prepare for the next debate .
removed
you are n't wrong . and that is what sucks .
horrible . more oppressive and discriminatory gun control isn ’ t the answer . let ’ s implement medicare for all and not alienate voters with this antigun bs .
well for starters , she 's literally a member of the democratic socialists of america . even bernie sanders is n't that far left . aoc has no real world experience after her degree other than bartending . would you want someone right out of college making decisions that others have to live by ? you say that distinguishing her as a `` hispanic woman '' is racially motivated . but ask yourself , do you think that such a distinction helped her get into college in the first place ? without collegiate admissions `` affirmative action '' aka . racism it 's entirely likely that she would n't have even gotten into that college . and let 's remember , her college degree is the only formal qualification she has . so it 's important .
... but he 's still black , soooo ...
the black community was split on busing the black community in the very communities being bused . black leaders also pushed for the crime bill hoping to protect their communities from an epidemic of violence . if you were n't around during that time or did n't study it , it looks bad . but it really was n't . biden was in step with a large portion of the black community . so how is he racist or problematic for that ? it 's absurd .
a drunk ?
scary .
put on the hammer and you will be rewarded .
removed
& gt ; then they came for the naturalized citizens , citation needed
yes , go with ‘ we ’ re just as obnoxious as everybody else ’ . that will win hearts and minds right there .
removed
but ... i 'm saying it does n't matter if he cares or not .
she was first lady . the president 's children rarely represent them on the world stage .
imagine hating a guy who just wants to make the world a better place .
removed
i remember a time without fox news . it was a better time . not perfect , but better .
& gt ; also , no trump support is ever reasonable . ever . when the choice is voting for the health care and delivery system i know , like , and am comfortable with being taken away.. yeah it 's pretty reasonable . this isnt a popular position and may be great sounding to the extreme left , but its farther left than any of the european models of health care . it a fringe left position marketed to a center/center right country .
but it 's a group of people that have successfully become publicly elected officials . if sasha obama were trying to meddle in a conversation like that , would it be safe to assume your opinion would be the opposite ?
could you imagine if roosevelt or truman walked over the french/german boarder and patted hitler on the back
the difference ? at least they worked to get there .
it 's actually a preview of an exposé the weekly is doing . i think it airs tonight on fx .
put him and trump in a ring and we 'll see who has health issues . /s
removed
believe it or not lots of the civilian militias believe in such things , the only thing stopping them is knowing they would get annihilated by the national guard while attempting it . and no i 'm not demonizing all of them but there is a significant minority who would have no problem hunting down/shooting illegal aliens who crossed the border if they knew they could get away with it .
deleted
candidates say they support all sorts of things leading up to the elections they hope to win . her equivocal words on the subject make me suspect she might not honestly support it—or if she does , that it might not be a highpriority policy .
deleted
come on , everyone knows that every youtube video can only be watched by one person at any single time .
how have i or even carlson , justified it ? and the above quote is not necessarily about its own citizens , governments are responsible for the deaths of people from other countries as well sometimes for the good of their own country .
removed
why does it matter why she 's black when he 's gon na hate her for it regardless of where her ancestry lies ?
then i would invite mr. carlson to move to north korea , instead of forcing this sort of thing on people that do n't want it .
fox news says it best
oh do n't get me wrong . i wholeheartedly agree that there are much much much better and more effective methods . if the goddamned government did its job and enforced the laws we already have and stopped making redundant ones , the country would be a much better place .
& gt ; “ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world , ” mr carlson said during the phone interview on fox news . & gt ; “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . & gt ; “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr carlson added “ but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with. ” congratulations , you 've fallen for more left wing lies and propaganda . par for the course when it comes to this sub , though . i ca n't say i 'm surprised that these blatant lies are at the top of the front page . this place is pretty much the dnc online hq at this point . edit : you guys really hate when people show you that you 're being lied to . it 's fucking fascinating .
rich white people ... ..
sounds like accurate statement to me , more than one can be bad at the same time you know . he says none are worst then north korea which is a fair assessment . i don ’ t even like fox news but this reeks of desperation , trying to find something bad on republicans .
if you use an iphone or android or wear nikes or almost any other name brand shoe , or shop at walmart , you 're already a hypocrite
thank you for the grammar correction ! : always appreciated
it ’ s not that hard .
removed
i doubt she was the only person in attendance who represented the united states but even if she was , i 'm not so sure g20 representatives suffer from the explicit qualification constraints you seem to believe apply in this . not saying they do n't , just that i have n't come across anything yet that outlines job requirements for that specific context .
hi ` bowiekingofvampires ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your comment has been removed for the following reason s : your comment does not meet our comment civility rules . please be civil . if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
she ’ s about as qualified as i am . not good
no no , that 's not the scary thing here . we 've known that for a long time . the mouthpiece of mainstream republicans just said that killing dissidents is an essential part of running the state . if you do n't see this as a tipping point then i do n't know what more you want . ever wondered how jews sat through all the antisemitism from 19331939 , heard all the terrible things their politicians were saying , but still did n't leave before they were rounded up in 1940 ? that 's you , right now . the president 's unofficial spokesman just said he was comfortable with killing people who oppose the regime . get your passport ready . have a fucking plan .
what about obama
agreed . most hardcore clinton fans refuse to take any responsibility for her defeat , just like her . were there a number of outside factors that unfairly and/or illegally contributed to her defeat ? yes . did those factors rob her of victory ? yes could a stronger candidate have overcome those factors to beat the worst candidate to ever receive the gop ’ s nomination ? absofuckinglutely clinton was arguably the worst candidate to take on trump because she galvanized the right and failed to electrify the left . but you won ’ t find her or her fans accepting any of this because it was her time and she was robbed . ¯\\\_ ツ \_/¯
you dont know much about north korea , do you ?
i am . i ’ ve seen tax cuts for the rich , and signing bills that allow predatory lending companies to really go ham , i ’ ve seen a push to get 5.7b for a down payment on a wall while ex military are shooting themselves outside the va. hmm .
hey what 's with the hundreds of silvered deleted comments ?
hi ` rednoise ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your comment has been removed for the following reason s : your comment does not meet our comment civility rules . please be civil . if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
i know all about him . nk made up charges that he vandalized an off limits hall of where he was staying . that was obviously false . and they made him falsely admit to it . where have you been ?
that can be explained by the narcissism as well trump certainly wouldn ’ t let anyone else play with his toys .
republicans have said the main purpose of government is to help business . they are wrong ! donald trump thinks the sole purpose of government is to help him grow richer . he 's wrong too !
one step closer to all out police state .
something something phoenix empress .
& gt ; i honestly don ’ t even remember i was probably more concerned about my sports than financial instruments ah yes , people who make poorly reasoned financial decisions should be rewarded for their idiocy . nice argument .
she crushed the second time because she ran unopposed . pretty easy to do . edit : i found an article that has a lot of the points the opposition will bring up if you ’ re actually interested . not that i ’ m endorsing the article and also , i don ’ t trust willie brown to not try to put himself in the spotlight by tearing her down .
i doubt that antifa would be allowed sniper nests like the proud boys were allowed .
huh ? the autosposy report showed , among other things , that all his teeth were intact , not wrenched out with pliers like the family claimed . something bad happened to him , and his death was the direct fault of north korea , but it 's highly unlikely that he was tortured and it 's certain that the family 's narrative was bullshit .
deleted
he literally goes on to defend it in the very next sentence . “ it ’ s a disgusting place buuuut you know , sometimes it ’ s all good killing your own citizens. ” it ’ s the same shit when people say “ i ’ m not a racist , it ’ s a disgusting attitude ... buuuut i can see why people don ’ t like insert race here . ” and using history to defend future actions isn ’ t a good argument imo . it used to be sweet to stone thieves to death in the streets , but we don ’ t do that anymore . just like most countries try to resolve conflict through words . it ’ s a slow progression forward , one that is not being aided by people like this guy .
deleted
here 's some perspective . you have the same angry man , but it 's a different political party .
an altar of sacrificial bow ties .
psst . what if we just paid people enough money so they didn ’ t have to give wall street their retirement savings and hope the market trends up ... .
& gt ; and your whole argument is bunk lmao ... `` in some other alternate reality where your states defining features do n't exist you 'd be just like the other states ! 1 ! ! ! ! 11 ! missed the point . california has a handful of super rich elite while everyone else lives in conditions that have n't been seen in nearly a century . hollywood is n't giving jobs to average joes , but making a handful of superstars that got their fame by knowing someone or fucking someone . almost all these criticisms apply to silicon valley as well . it is a massive nepotistic network that may make big numbers on spreadsheets and statistics but have done nothing for those around them . it 's signature features pump up the gdp , but do n't do a damn thing for regular people . but no , it 's those damned money stealing red states that are to blame for every single flaw in the state .
and you ’ ll be singing that song up until the day you realize you missed the warning signs , at which point it ’ ll be too late .
deleted
i am not sure why exactly ivanka got into wharton.. maybe she is good at taking standardized tests ? she went to a prestigious high school , so maybe that helped . maybe her dad donated a lot of money ... she graduated cum laude , so it does not seem that the work was too difficult for her to handle . do you think that professors gave her better grades because of who her father was ? i ’ m not sure .
removed
the least nefarious answer i can think of in all this is this is a way to excuse weapon sales to saudi arabia , ignore the fact trump declined to investigate khashoggis death , and maybe even extend it to poor treatment of migrants/migrant children . this is how many of them already think , lord knows i 've spoken to enough on reddit and in person to know some people actually think like that , but they 're absolutely normalizing it . they 're normalizing political deaths .
both are absurd and socially unacceptable 5yrs ago ... where do you live that making a bigoted or mocking comment about homosexuals in public wouldn ’ t get called out ? i live in texas and that wouldn ’ t have been tolerated .
it 's pretty incredible the parallels i see with the way people treated both mlk and bernie .
yw ! in a similar vein , this video will be iconic , as well as contrapoints who is already iconic and has a new video coming out in t minus 5 ... .4 ... .3 ... .2 ... .🤯💥
you ’ re getting downvoted for stating a fact . what is this sub ?
they send him death threats ... this kid who saw his classmates gunned down and somehow found the strength to not only let it shatter him , but to try and do something about it ... even if you don ’ t agree with his arguments , the fucking lack of humanity is just disturbing . how can you look in the mirror and see one of the good guys staring back at you after threatening to kill a child ?
elected edit : he 's a dummy too
their sub got quarantined so they ’ re babbling nonsense all over . thought it was a good thing at first but now i wish they ’ d all go back to that silly sub so their stupid could be contained . sigh
give and fish and loaf expecting 3 of each in return apparently .
eat the rich
& gt ; let ’ s at least start in the realm of reality . that would be a first for a majority of /r/politics .
you mean bagich , and walker ? i thought that walker dropped out and endorsed bagich though ?
i guess id need to know your definition of “ richest americans ” to answer correctly . i made about $ 144 k last year and my tax rate went down from 13.2 % to 12.4 % . would i be considered one of the richest american who got a tax break ?
he really is . don ’ t let this guy make you think this is america . there is a reason why the new showtime show about fox news is called “ the loudest voice ”
do you think he was talking about accidents ?
kju killed his own relatives and trump is kissing his ass . tucker is just trying to distract from that fact .
“ in the end what maters is what ’ s good for the united states and you deal with bad people a lot of the time in order to help your own country , ” he said . so this fascist is accompanying the president on diplomatic relations visits ? fascism in us media , it 's here and it 's blatant .
being a net tax consumer isnt a real career either .
aoc is a manufactured politician . she almost never sounds intelligent the exact opposite except when reading prewritten content and even then ... .. . she might seem like some great antiestablishment fighter to some ... but to many others she 's an idiot with thoughts , yes who 's faking having any clue what she 's talking about . not really taking anything aoc says too seriously .
imagine supporting corporate owned candidates over a guy who actually wants to fix our country and allow people to lead happier lives .
what a douche .
do you really believe anything bin laden said or wrote ? seriously ?
are you really ok with that last paragraph ?
& gt ; you are simultaneously suggesting that not prosecuting trump would bring the country together , but pardoning him would further our divisions . no , i 'm saying that constantly going on about trump during election season is a bad move . it is n't the president 's job to get involved with the justice department for the previous president , and bringing it up constantly does nothing but piss off republicans . more than likely , unless trump himself wins the election again which is not at all unlikely at this point , he 's going to be indicted , found guilty , and put in jail . hopefully with the rest of his goon squad who helped him on his merry journey . if the doj has a shitty case , regardless of how much the president pushes , he 'd go free . if they have a good case , they 'll likely go for it unless they are specifically told not to . if they have an awesome case they 'd fight to be able to do it . since yang is very unlikely to get involved , unless the doj really screws up it 's investigation trump is going down . & gt ; both of those options sees trump eluding justice , but you think one will bring us together and the other will drive us apart ? what ? once again , yang is almost guaranteed to not pardon trump . the decision to prosecute him is up to the doj and not yang . yang wants to stay out of it and leave the decision to the courts : which is exactly what he should be doing . really , the question is this . do you want the nominee to polarize and mobilize the conservative base against them to protect `` their guy '' , or do you want to keep that question out of it so that maybe some conservatives who were harmed by trump 's policies actually listen to the dem side ? one thing i notice is that in the yang subs whenever i see a post or comment talking about how they voted for trump and sometimes admit they still kind of like him ! but are going for yang now is that quite often one reason they like him is that he is n't playing partisan games , and so they are more likely to really listen to his ideas . if he wins and trump is found guilty , there 's more of an idea that the scales were n't pressed on and they 'll be more accepting of things . someone wins who constantly goes on about how trump will go to jail ? yeah , there will be quite a bit more distrust towards the courts . just so that i 'm clear : i think that trump is guilty of many crimes . i think that when he 's put to trial as long as things are n't pressured towards innocence he 's going down hard for everything before and during his presidency . and i think the fucker should rot in jail . i look forward to him gleefully accepting reporters for an interview only to have the first question be `` so how does it feel to be known as the worst president in u.s . history ? `` . i ca n't wait to see his face drop . but at the same time i know for trump to really lose , we need to have gop support : a lot of people vote straight ticket , so convincing them to vote for a democrat will help immensely to bring in a blue wave to the senate . and that 's a major issue i do n't see discussed enough . it does n't matter who wins , if mitch still has a stranglehold on the senate nothing is changing . he 'd absolutely just stonewall all bills , including budgets , unless they are exactly what the republicans want .
how about in seattle ?
& gt ; the controversial commentator was asked about donald trump ’ s close relationship with the dictator . he was also pressed on kim jongun ’ s human rights abuses during the segment . & gt ; “ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world , ” mr carlson said during the phone interview on fox news . & gt ; “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . & gt ; “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr. carlson added , “ but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with . ”
he was still on the ballot
holy fucking shit ... these guys are going all in for a dictatorship . infuckinsanity ...
shit , i like her , hope she does not start to crater .
maybe the writer should have stayed in the sniper nest ?
that 's the problem .
i can see it already . illegal immigrants in detention camps , then legal immigrant too until they can prove `` their legal status '' and then we go to war with a middle east country , and round up all muslims . then we begin to round up `` rowdy and loud journalists '' followed by more moderate journalists then we go after `` rowdy and loud liberals '' and then after moderate liberals . climate change , global war , broken economies and propaganda will fuel this to a level where each group gets more and more `` loud '' .
i realise this now .
being a representative shouldn ’ t be a career either
deleted
thank you . was about to make the same comment . : d
removed
laughing stock of the world , that 'll be the us with brazil a close second
that gives me more hope than you know . i 'm more moderate and could easily vote for a moderate republican over a great number of the democratic candidates . but holy hell . trump ?
removed
clickbait . misleading headline .
clickbait . misleading headline .
of course . thats how insurance works in the us . and it works well for tens of millions . social media and the mainstream media try to make it seem as if nobody that works for a living has decent affordable healthcare and that is just not true . what is true is that healthcare is never “ free ” no matter what the democrats try and tell you .
deleted
deleted
which is worse ? saudi arabia or north korea ?
yet here we are still talking about her . and what happened in 2016 matters a whole hell of a lot . we are running to beat trump again . if we put up joe biden against him we are going to lose .
i figured thats what he said tucker 's been in the crosshairs for a while now
another good example of this is chelsea clinton
idk what to tell you if you think her contempt for vapid phonies like ivana trump comes from insecurity .
do you think tucker carlson would have responded to the idea of obama killing american citizens with drones with `` well leading a country means you sometimes have to kill some people '' ?
that was straight out of kim jongil 's playbook
what 's the alternative ?
did you like that ?
yeah seriously i feel like iv been ass raped by capitalism .
i ... didn ’ t ? it is possible to only comment on part of a comment ? what would you like me to address ?
what difference does it make ? she 's a famous tv personality with a large following despite being a know nothing faildaughter . it 's okay to be annoyed by that . :
& gt ; the problem is that we all too often have socialism for the rich and rugged free enterprise capitalism for the poor . that ’ s the problem . dr. martin luther king jr , 1968
when did chelsea work in the white house ?
except he can ’ t beyond wagging his finger and scolding anyone with more money than him . imagine wanting more from someone running for president .
i know we do n't , but it can still be used to see how many people actually support the candidate , fucky tricks like gerrymandering and the ec i get it , city votes bad , rural votes good
can ’ t we all just agree that all the mainstream media outlets are lying and manipulative broadcasts . both sides republican and democrat fox and cnn both pull the same type of shit just in different areas . ones not necessarily better than the other
all countries have to kill people ? really ?
seeing as i remember hearing tucker was trying to persuade trump against war with iran , i ’ ll take this as a good sign .
freedom of speech cuts both ways .
the people who get into those roles already have no moral objection to hypocritical bullshit . i 'm sure they face their families with the same attitude as they do their audience .
but somehow this wo n't count as coming for our guns . if you really want to make sure trump gets reelected in 2020 and the gop keeps control of the senate and maybe gains in the house go ahead and keep pushing gun control . because no matter how many times you post the same trump quotes about take the guns first and due process later or point to the bump stock ban shit like this is exponentially worse and will result in people voting for trump or voting not democrat thereby handing the election to trump .
i think the answer to that might be never .
the us stands alone against the metric system . except the us military . and nasa . and your meteorological dept .
removed
removed
do n't even joke about hunting no man .
his concern is with how the schools will get the funding to operate since the costs won ’ t be on the students backs . making them tuition free means government funding , but how do you ensure that universities don ’ t start trying to inflate student attendance to milk as much in funding in possible ?
if you ever wondered , while sitting in your high school history class , why we 're taught so much about the rise of fascist dictatorships and autocrats in our history it is to recognize the big red flags like this . this is not normal . this is not american . this is attempted subversion of our constitution by preparing our citizens for atrocities that we will commit if we do n't take a stand .
& gt ; that 's why it 's so painful to watch . i think most people can relate to being in a situation where you 're clearly out of your depth but you just have to muddle through it the best you can . the whole `` fake it till you make it '' thing . i was in it staffing/recruitment at one point i relate to this very well .
deleted
no , i ’ m saying he is not a legitimate citizen .
she won ’ t win in 2020 .
from listening to cnn and msnbc you could probably make the same video about democrats right now , and i 'm a democrat .
yes it does . does n't mean that all killing is equal .
deleted
as a senator she ’ s signed on to the bill what more support could you want ?
among what group of people is this well known ? looking at its categories it seems to be a christian alternative to the onion , so outside that circle not well known at all .
it 's a really perfect analog then to show both sides are pretty much the same , is n't it . fuck this political binary that the media and politicians have forced us into .
christians reincarnate the company store for the 21^ st century .
she literally has the same qualifications aoc has . a degree in economics . yay /r/politics .
i would assume that independent physicians would charge out the rearend for such services , much like their counterparts across the us . they just want a piece of the that sweet , sweet government pie .
your right /s
ben ca n't stop thinking about aoc . this is sad .
so any behavior that humans have been doing for millennia is ‘ normal ’ ... i think not .
so that explains the 4 black hawks i saw fly over the hanriver on saturday am currently in seoul . crazy .
funny . i just listened to abbey martin on joe rogan and she was talking about how buttigieg had a bunch of puppet groups like blacks for buttigieg and such here it is
hmmm , somebody dropped the ball ! !
he ’ s not defending them . fake news .
hmmm ... i assumed he was saying that a lot of countries commit atrocities that we 're allied with , so we should stop being allied with them . after rereading , i really should not have made that assumption ...
stop snorting coke
but the past will always be there even if it is bad . to make peace it has to start somewhere regardless of the past . should we not make peace and hold grudges for 100 more years ? the people have no say in nk who their leader is . we can not hold a country accountable for its leadership in a dictatorship . we need to help the people but helping the leadership of that country . we should help nk with economy and trade . this will provide more food and just better opportunities as a whole for them . this will provide that we at attend to help and change kim 's opinion of us . maybe and hopefully over a period of time we can change his or his successor beliefs by establishing a real relationship with them . it is a lot better then the situation is now .
he said every country has to kill people .
yeah , he never assaulted her , she couldn ’ t remember things and people she said were there said they didn ’ t remember it , and she conveniently brought it up when he was set up to join the supreme court , giving her motivation to lie . they do the same thing every single time , you are not convincing anyone , the court has continually found in their favor because there is no evidence besides their word that something happened 20+ years ago .
it 's not that much different than republicans and christianty especually evangelicals .
awesome . she 's not my number one pick but to it 's good to see her move up and biden lose ground . so many good candidates this time around and who are taking up up more progressive ideas .
trump did build and maintain a business empire
& gt ; on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . no part of that makes moral sense , maybe read it a third time .
\lede
i ca n't get into the office because of this ! i 'll do my best to remember this term , thanks !
i get it
he seems to have replaced hannity as unofficial whitehouse chief of staff . we do n't even have an official chief of staff . mulvaney is jut `` acting . ''
holy shit man , imagine supporting this view . if there was any way to lose credibilit , it would be defending the world 's most oppressive regime at the moment . remember when the us was antiwar ?
damn . you got me , lol .
& gt ; how can you have such a long and successful career in politics as he 's had without charisma and likability ? do you think people believe ted cruz and mitch mcconnell are charismatic and likeable ?
it ’ ll be overturned by scotus .
deleted
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
were those `` cages '' built in 2017 ? we 're they first used in 2017 ? did obama deport illegals ? do you want 90 % of central america relocated to the usa ?
& gt ; it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand ... there ’ s no way to finish that sentence without minimizing their blatant human rights atrocities .
i mean ... godwin 's law !
you 're right he just sent them $ 500 million dollars in cash .
elected
so no disagreement with anything else ? awesome . glad we ’ re on the same page . not at all . democrats have criticized every single move a trump has made in regards to nk . we are now closer to peace with nk than ever before . common sense tells us that if democrats were in charge , the wrong decisions would be made . nk was already testing weapons and threatening south korea . since then trump has increased sanctions , created peace between the north and south , convinced kim to release us hostages and stop weapons testing . i ’ m not wrong . trump deserves credit for this .
you're
halfamucci
i ’ m not insulting you , but you are a fucking brain dead moron . i ’ m not insulting you .
removed
pride and ego
i misread that as `` clown college '' and expected to see pictures of liberty university . & amp ; # x200b ; then i saw something much worse ... \shudder\
you ca n't have a christian ethnostate . that 's like having an atheist holy book .

are you disagreeing with his comment ?
that ’ s a good start , but i ’ d argue that the ultra wealthy should pay the same tax rate as the wealthy , like the tax rate that those with an earned income of $ 300k/year pay . middle income is $ 53k for a family of four . the ultra wealthy need to pay way more than the family of four who is most likely just scraping by . we need more income brackets after $ 300k , and we need to tax capital gains after a certain amount like tax it like earned income .
elected
i watched this when it aired because , yes , i did n't have a job and i spent my unemployed days watching crossfire on my parents ' sofa .
you do understand that you can have different perspectives and all of them can be negative ... right ?
deleted
no
deleted
& gt ; while clinton was essentially tied with everyone . god why do so many of you lie about this ? throughout the entire primary she had a sizable lead on trump .
removed
i think he 's referring to the fact that if you 're elected to certain positions , you are responsible for death as much as life . if you 're governor of a state , expect pleas from inmates on death row heading to execution . presidential pardons exist , as does calling for someone 's death .
hasnt she said some dumb shit too
i have no idea who the fuck that is . but all the quotes i 've heard attributed to him in this thread are true
it is amazing that a took a judge to require that .
by what though ?
your submission ` protestors threw milkshakes containing 'quickdrying cement ' as farleft and farright groups clashed in portland , according to police ` was automatically removed because ` insider.com ` is not on our approved source whitelist . r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source . domains must : be notable , as defined by our domain notability guidelines . notable domains will consist of news organizations , research organizations , political advocacy groups , governmental agencies / bodies , and political parties . contain articles , videos or soundclips relevant to current us politics contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source . be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey . if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist , please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us . however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form , we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account . if you submit a spam domain via the form , your account may be reported to the site administrators . to submit a domain for approval use this form and follow the instructions provided i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
“ it ’ s democrats fault that republicans lie and cheat ! ” party of personal responsibility strikes again !
they would probably freak out if you pointed out in the end that the nazis got their asses handed to them by a bunch of libs republicans equate communism = socialism = liberals . they do n't have a very good grasp on history .
it does matter what the palestinians think . this is going to be rammed down their throat .
are you thinking about still hopping in the race ? this is one of the best policies i 've heard so far from any candidate
nice . of course , how sad is it that anything under 3 dollars a gallon feels good ?
& gt ; how have i or even carlson , justified it ? you are justifying carlson statement , that 's what i meant with `` which is why i do n't get how you justify it . '' & gt ; and the above quote is not necessarily about its own citizens i disagree . look at the full context , including `` stalinist regime '' for example . even using regime in general heavily refers to the way the country treats its own citizens . & gt ; governments are responsible for the deaths of people from other countries as well sometimes for the good of their own country . yes , but then he would probably have worded it as something like `` north korea , just like other countries , sometimes has to kill people for the good of their own country . '' if the behavior he talks about happens in the us and other countries , he should have linked it to make it clear what he 's exactly talking about .
indeed . i 'd only add that the oligarchy see trumpism and brexit as the shortcut to the authoritarian states they were going to have to set anyway once climate devastation really kicks in everywhere .
i mean , he 's looting this entire country , and that 's supposed to be a democratic country , so that 's false right off the bat , and he 's been nothing but insulting to our allies . of course they 're not going to give him money .
deleted
yeah , wheezing kim dominated trump in the last meeting , getting him to agree to pay $ 2 million for otto warmbier ’ s murder and end joint exercises with south korea ’ s military , all the while north korea continues their nuclear program . but yeah tell me more about how weak kim was in this photo op that trump asked to have in the first place over twitter like a fucking dope .
and 3 more hours !
not everything you say has to be productive . sometimes , calling people out is much needed and welldeserved .
lmao , we should just change this sub to r/liberal
no
it 's a thankless task pointing this stuff out , but ... for the last 2 years , reddit has been telling me that trump has dementia which is clearly not true , as he can clearly remember to tell lies about absolutely everything . i can remember reddit doing exactly the same thing with gwbush more than a decade ago there were actually videos posted here constantly showing how gwb 's speech had changed from before he was elected to after and how that meant he was in massive cognitivedecline yet , no one seemed to realize that bushii was n't speaking in 100 % talkingpoints years before he was elected , and that he had to go from talking offthecuff to completely scripted almost overnight , and that would easily explain the difference in cadence . bushii and trump are evil and selfish , not demented . and , to be fair , the republicans did the exact same thing to hillary they waited until she was sick and then plastered the images everywhere saying she was physically unfit to be president . it 's a rite of passage if you are an elderly or nearelderly candidate . the other side is going to attack your mental and physical health , no matter what .
you didn ’ t answer the question . let ’ s try again . & gt ; if he ’ s not defending north korea then what the fuck was the point of his comment ?
i know nothing about the source but found a group of lawyers who were commenting on orders from the trump administration : maybe we 're not to the point where all naturalized citizens are at risk but the reworded poem is meant to reflect where we could go .
probably not . but he ’ s an agitator and there ’ s evidence to suggest he planned a false flag . i posted it up the chain
& gt ; but the media has propped her up so much , that when you actually listen to her speak , it ’ s nothing like this imagine that they have created her to be so she 's still smarter than the average trump supporter .
imagine having no real policy or ethos beyond “ anyone richer than me is evil. ” don ’ t forget sanders used to throw millionaires and billionaires under the bus until he became a millionaire . now it ’ s just billionaires .
no , im not a socialist .
who told her to say this about ivanka ?
i too would like to be killed because of my loose affiliation to a political side .
not sure why thats relevant . biden eas clearly referring to america , not seattle specifically .
removed
ivanka ?
removed
deleted
it is and sooner than you may think . trump has removed pence from his 2020 signage . he 's gon na dump pence like a worn out mrs.trump and replace him with his daughter wife .
demonizing and dehumanizing . i ca n't quite figure out how much of each is going on , but both are appalling .
removed
removed
a very black state where 1 senator is black and 1 representative . are a majority of the black people in sc republican voting for white leaders ?
do you want to have a serious conversation about this , or not ? there is far more to the issue than what you just simplified it to .
deleted
imagine if president obama had taken rachel maddow with him to meet kim jong un .
tim ryan , wrong on foreign policy again . diplomacy , even trump ’ s , is preferable to the situation we had before .
removed
i hadn ’ t seen this cartoon before . what a powerful message . undoubtedly trump pressured them to terminate the contract .
although a noble pursuit , it will never happen .
until eight years later , then it 's back to the start !
didn ’ t read it eh ?
operation wetback pt ii . happen to be a poc with an accent who does n't have their papers on them at all times ? prison and deportation you go , citizen or not .
/r/insanepeoplereddit
probably get downvoted but it ’ s not like this is anything new . to secure any country and it ’ s ideas you have to kill people , it unfortunate and true . this is a clickbate post only meant to infuriate those who only read the title or think for more than 5 sex about what ’ s being said .
why would n't someone be antitrump ? he is a horrible president and even worse human being . the only people who like him are people who share the same `` qualities '' as trump .
deleted
faux news entertainment . not bound by the same rules as real journalism .
what is his view on seizing rhe means of production and liquidating the capitalists and bourgeoisie ? probably does n't count as genocide . it 's always different when `` we '' do it .
deleted
your submission ` blog ` was automatically removed because ` drsmith.info ` is not on our approved source whitelist . r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source . domains must : be notable , as defined by our domain notability guidelines . notable domains will consist of news organizations , research organizations , political advocacy groups , governmental agencies / bodies , and political parties . contain articles , videos or soundclips relevant to current us politics contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source . be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey . if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist , please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us . however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form , we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account . if you submit a spam domain via the form , your account may be reported to the site administrators . to submit a domain for approval use this form and follow the instructions provided i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
removed
so by that definition watching movies is n't normal
oh fucking please , the entire justice system is a fucking farce . we destroy people 's lives all day every day in the media who have n't been convicted . i 've been personally coerced and intimidated by a da and pd into pleading guilty , justice is a sliding scale in america . we dont operate on jack shit .
elite singles something tells me one or both of these words are incorrect .
lol okay mr conspiracy theorist
the difference : we all got a tax cut . we do not all have student loans .
removed
your memory of history is pretty damned short . the torture narrative was pushed by the right as a sign of obama 's weakness and as a further justification of war with north korea . that being said , yes it 's directly the fault of north korea that he 's dead . even the best possible spin on warmbier 's treatment by north korea is more than enough to condemn trump for his chummy relationship with kim .
removed
fyi the anne frank center considers them concentration camps , too . and it fits the definition . recently the trump administration argued that soap , toothpaste , and even sleep are not necessary requirements to match the `` safe and sanitary '' conditions clause of the flores settlement . the judge thankfully openly mocked them , and mentioned that the testimony they heard and believed was that kids were sleeping on concrete floors with the lights always on and without proper blankets , and if they complained about the floor being cold , it would just get colder ... they also had n't changed clothes or bathed/showered in weeks and were malnourished . that sounds like fucking torture to me . i 'd recommend checking out the massive differences between obama 's policy and trump 's : obama tried to minimize damage to families and only separated kids when parents were n't parents , or were criminals . trump decided every immigrant was a criminal and all kids should be separated . even some that followed the legal process of seeking asylum at official border crossings ! then he did n't announce his zero tolerance policy until after it had already been in effect for a year ...
should have been a reality tv show host with a string of failed companies and run for the highest office ,
just out of curiosity . how old are you ? i don ’ t know if you ’ re making fun of democrats or actually serious and just that childish .
america is the only country where you can ’ t get arrested for giving an opinion . that ’ s why i say we ’ re the only country with free speech .
who are the sponsors of his show ?
if he had been correct with his counter to harris ' accusation about his position on busing , it would be one thing . he 'd easily be forgiven for being hesitant on federal mandated busing in the 70 's because it was crazy divisive . i remember seeing ted kennedy being almost attacked by his fellow bostonians for supporting busing . but , biden seems to have been much more active in opposing busing . and while that may be forgiven , it eliminates him for contention as president , especially if he can not recognize why it was wrong and apologize . and i have a feeling there might be more decisions and legislation biden may not want to see the light of day . he might have been a good debater in the past , but not in today 's environment . `` the games got more fierce . '' slim charles .
read something other than the stormfront boards for a change .
moesha i wan na be down ?
that 's not a different perspective in my opinion . it 's the same perspective , but talking about other aspects . i have never heard someone say something like `` negative statement , on the other hand , negative statement '' . that 's not how `` on the other hand '' is used .
i am justin
it ’ s like the people ’ s court or judge judy , but they make you do it and the judge is handpicked by the defendant . forcing arbitration also prevents people from forming classes for class action lawsuits .
so what are your qualifications if being a person that meets the constitutional requirements for being elected ? `` citizen 's legislature '' and all ? fuck off .
you underestimate how fucking dumb and/or selfinterested your fellow humans are .
you do n't try to make him react or feel like he has personally lost . he is incapable of feeling that due to his indifference you go for convincing everyone else of it
unfortunately those people don ’ t want to retrain which is what ’ s needed to move to more relevant jobs . if she comes up with a plan that people want , that ’ s great . but what happens when the workers want to make buggy whips in a world of cars ? to keep with the analogy , those people don ’ t want to adapt today , they want to ban cars .
oh , its illegal to own businesses while in office and profit off real estate ? im sure you hate nancy pelosi then because she has real estate and she has gave government contracts to her husband 's real estate business and profited milions . youre outraged over that too right ? or how about when her son got charged with securities fraud while she had money invested in the business and he did n't have any consequences ?
than
so what exactly did the 3 that were appointed in a single month clean out ? some specifics please
removed
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
removed
the fuck he ain ’ t . his threats are actually driving more people to the american border . the feedback loop going down to central america has coyotes telling people who want to migrate north to do it now , because of trump ’ s threats to shut it all down .
i really really love seeing some more news mentioned on reddit . it 's my only hipster `` i knew him before he was cool '' cred . like back when he was professor scott bug on marvels of the science ...
notice , no bowtie !
ok. let 's see here ... . your `` buuuut '' arguement is moot because you are attempting to put context and construing the words spoken to fit your mindset . that is your fault . i dont see him defending anything , i see him saying they kill people , which they do , and that is what nations do , which they do , but not on the scale of north korea so obviously there are some problems there . also when i did ask for history ? find me a nation . that has not killed people . it 's a rather simple request . continue to live in your bubble where everyone who does n't agree is evil .
deleted
she was first lady . well in this case they are ?
im sure theyll give it the old nazi try .
& gt ; workers react by putting faith in strong leadership promising a return to better times maybe it 's cus i 'm young but what year do i have to go back to for better ? because it feels like it 's always been this bad , from the economy to race relations and foreign policy it 's always been harsh times .
he needs to take off his shirt and eat a raw steak .
what a idiotic statement . the poll bump is for her performance that includes much more than taking on biden .
the issue isn ’ t about the accuracy of his statement . the issue is that the is minimizing their human rights atrocities by going out of his way to call attention to those of other countries . that ’ s a halfhearted defense of a regime that is designed to provide cover for the fact that trump is kissing their ass because he thinks it ’ s good for ratings .
well if it goes to the scotus we ’ ll get a 54 decision with the majority saying the trump admin can ignore congressional oversight because the founding fathers didn ’ t include a line for this exact situation , and congress should change the law themselves .
he raised more awareness to global warming than anyone else alive right now . his contribution to global warming is negligible . we need a worldwide effort to reduce it . whether or not al gore lives in a wooden shack makes no difference .
right here
the veneer is `` if you 're okay , its a slight inconvience and will play out legally '' . thats the excuse when it happens , and a sizeable portion of america will accept it since they arent the type of person to be targeted . just sad to me .
not all dictatorships are fascists but all fascists are dictators
if this doesn ’ t scare people then we are already destined to be the ww3 version of nazi germany . i ’ d hate to stand against the country i was raised in but i know for sure i won ’ t be one of the guys who was “ just following orders . ”
can not touch on the point i made . r/politics is a fucking joke .
the death penalty is wrong , poorly implemented and many people are against it . also , an extraordinarily fewer number of people are executed by the state compared to nk 's death camps . do n't be a fool and attempt to make that comparison .
my conservative uncle brought up a point that i think has some merit , though i 'm positive there 's a flaw in it somewhere . something to the effect of : `` things that are your 'rights ' are not granted , they just are . life and liberty are things you have at time of birth . taking those away would be a deprivation . you are never born with healthcare , it 's a social construct so it can not be a right . '' my answer to this is that healthcare is an extension of health and the right to life . but the right to life just means that the government can not kill you without sufficient reason . i am on board with universal healthcare , but this argument does make me think . i mean , we do n't have a `` right '' to socialized education but we 've come to expect it and understand it as the norm . i think the conversation needs to be reframed like that .
we 'll end up with 4 more years of trump if people are so petrified of criticizing democrats in the primary that we end up stuck with a weak candidate in the general . biden 's anecdote was not even close to being accurate . make of that what you will and move on , because saying it 's `` probably true '' that homophobic jokes would fly in seattle in 2014 close to two years after gay marriage was legalized statewide is absurd .
it ’ s sub 4 % now , 3.6 % exactly since the last reading . trump was elected in 2016 . confidence spiked around the election day . you ’ re using the wrong timeframe . markets are forward looking .
the majority of it that you neglected to mention , or whatever semantics you approve of
it ’ s almost as if he ’ s using his presidency so he and his friends can personally profit ... weird .
i am actually shocked that people are shocked by this comment . this is exactly what you ’ d expect from someone like carlson .
removed
kamala harris once argued that people should be kept in prison even if they are proved innocent so they can use them for slave labor .
all you have to do is get 17,000 votes in a primary and fake a photo shoot then you ’ re qualified to talk policy
`` death camps are very legal and very cool . '' trump 2020
it 's that way in europe too , sadly . the last five years i 've noticed a huge increase in people testing the waters by throwing racist comments into general discussions . i 'm gen x . we used to complain we had no real wars to fight . well , we have our war now , at least .
a lot of people think he did just fine . everyone sees what they want to see .
you mean dumbing down academic standards by proving conservatives and libertarians a place to brainwash their platform seems pretty shortsighted too . & amp ; # x200b ; heck , harvard business school is now hated because their antics are based on bullshit edit : i forgot about economics too .
deleted
removed
totally the same thing , except with chelsea she actually went to school and applied herself earning several degrees in varying fields , then used what she learned to succeed in the real world . ivanka on the other hand has spent the last decade failing upwards by peddling her shitty branded jewelry and clothing under the trump brand , and rode her daddy 's coat tails into an advisor position that she has no qualifications for . ai n't nepotism great ?
this submission has been automatically removed because it comes from a domain that has been filtered for rehosted content . more information can be found here please message the mods if you feel your post is original content and filtered in error . otherwise , we encourage you to submit the original source for this article . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i was a child and also it ’ s apparent that you are intellectually insufficient to construct reasonable and thoughtful responses so this will be my last .
trump might literally be demented
hi ` russian_agent_trump ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your comment has been removed for the following reason s : your comment does not meet our comment civility rules . please be civil . if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
no , nk 's regime was not legitimized in the international community . it is a runt of a country that ca n't even reliably feed itself . china is not going to back nk starting a war on its doorstep so that grants it no power unless nk is attacked first . you want to pretend this is an obviously important step toward peace but that does n't make sense given it was always an option any potus could have taken . if it 's obviously a good step not doing it would n't have been the non controversial policy for decades .
man , removed by automator is really active today
good . ppl on both sides . 😉
when his parents went to pick him up his mother screamed and said it looked like someone pulled out and rearranged all of his teeth .
i see a bunch of conspiracy theorists in here
that you would compare ivanka , someone who was no actual qualifications , to michelle , someone that graduated as a lawyer from harvard , passed the bar , and made an actual career for herself says everything about how much you actually know about them . this has nothing to do with ivanka being a women and everything to do with her lack of career accomplishments .
i 'm aware of how banks work , banks however do n't loan out every single dollar they take in so putting large amounts into savings is slowing it 's velocity . regardless we 're at a point where the ultra wealthy have so much money they do n't even know what to spend it on when we still have people who make only 12k a year full time alabama decent income equality across the class is essential for a thriving country and the `` hoarding '' comes from money being diverted from the working class who spend more of their income on average read : increase velocity of money to purchase goods and services than people who make 10+mill a year and literally do n't know what to do with it . you really ca n't be that dense to think income inequality means shit , or are you an ancap where economics and political theory means shit ?
so that money comes from where ? this is the same logic aoc used with amazon acting like new york was paying them 3b
your own link shows that she beat republican ronald gold in 2014 . you ok ?
cool thanks for the info . i was n't aware that the mods here were trying to incite conflict . silly me assumed that because this sub is populated with mostly thoughtful and intelligent people the mods would want to promote truthfulness over click bate . the fact they allow straight up propaganda from far right `` news '' sites should have clued me into what was going on .
which is why you ca n't imagine the unhappy people doing anything but that . you ca n't accept the idea that unhappy people are not just lazy bums demanding that other people do their work for them .
jfc . my brain just melted .
aoc sure does talk a lot of shit , go take some more fake photos what a loon
red flags anyone ! ? ! ? ! newp !
and most do . even countries we are allied with . he did n't just state `` leading a country means killing people '' defending the actions of kju . he actually called it out . again clickbait fake news .
deporting illegal citizens shouldn ’ t even be a fucking question . deporting illegal citizens who chose to disappear into the shadows of american society , and have been mooching off the system , is the right thing to do .
removed
even if biden were as bad as harris and booker imply he is , biden would be insensitive vs trump 's incompletely veiled embrace of racists and racism . would biden nevertheless be a better president than trump ? i think so . that said , is biden the best person to run against trump ? i do n't think so . he 's shown too many signs of age . he may be right about the need for more bipartisanship/nonpartisanship , dead right that , say , when it comes to border detention facilities funding , progun control democrats had better get used to working with progun republicans . still , i 'd prefer someone else , in my case , someone who 's not against private health insurance . a public option is fine , and a mandatory reinsurance scheme for all insurers , public and private , for very serious/very expensive/longterm treatments would make a helluva lot of sense .
too bad all of the dead political prisoners of north korea are n't here to see it .
not gon na lie , i was waiting on a `` they had us in the first half '' moment .
came her to make sure pac was posted lol . good work .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i did ... but he ’ s wrong . edit : even if he ’ s “ disagreeing ” , he ’ s still trying to provide justification for murdering people . i think it ’ s a flimsy excuse to back a trump dictatorship .
removed
the only president we have ever really had that was similar to hitler was beloved democrat , franklin delano roosevelt . he appointed a former kkk member , hugo black , to scotus , interned americans in concentration camps , stacked scotus to pass unconstitutional bills , and had the record for longest term .
he 's done that already on numerous occasions .
america isn ’ t responsible for saudi arabia or israel ’ s hopes either if you really want to go there .
i wonder when well see a video of joe getting dragged to a van and quickly thrown in , because he is 100 % healthy , just like hrc ! fuck , i kind hope hrc pops out at the last second and the dnc puts her in .
deleted
so original . please tell me how ice are nazis , otherwise do n't go making ridiculous statements .
hi ` trants ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your comment has been removed for the following reason s : your comment does not meet our comment civility rules . please be civil . if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
yeah , this needs to be brought up in any debate . `` first , take all the guns , worry about due process later . ''
& gt ; i was a child and you parent 's cosigned . all very legal , and very cool . even if they did n't , clearly you reaffirmed the agreement when you added more debt the semester after reaching majority status , which is enough for a binding contract .
nothing ? i ’ d continue doing my job , which is most definitely harder than being the boss .
removed
hes going to rip jim jordan a new asshole and embarrass the shit out of him on live tv . not a hard bar to attain , but will certainly be entertaining .
no . cnn is much better than fox news . they are not the same . what they do is not the same . one is not simply a different flavor of the other . i 'll just use the most obvious point . no one on cnn is making excuses for brutal dictatorships where political opponents are murdered , constant threats of nuclear war are made , populations are enslaved and human rights are nonexistent .
go ahead and cite one similar example of chelsea clinton doing something like this .
i fully disagree with you . you simply made an incredibly outlandish statement that you ca n't prove unless you can view alternate timelines .
“ but i want it now , daddy ! ”
deleted
then the next fucking war we have tucker you should go first
“ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world , ” mr carlson said during the phone interview on fox news . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
& gt ; r/politics is a fucking joke . what you thought this place was serious ? shows what you know . if you want a serious discussion then you can have that . bring something serious to talk about instead of this reality television garbage .
it ’ s a business meeting not a fashion show ?
that just is n't going to happen . & amp ; # x200b ; president swalwell 2020 is n't either . he probably knows that and is aiming at vp , with a woman at the helm . & amp ; # x200b ; that 's just barely possible .
the users who have rejected biden do n't hate him , they believe he 's a poor choice when there are several other candidates who are far superior . sure , he 'd be better than trump . but not better enough to merit the nomination .
he ’ s not wrong though . maybe it ’ s time to rethink some of our allies cough saudi arabia
removed
were talking about what is normal for nations , not people in general . any behavior that nations have always done absolutely is normal
first of all , amazon wasn ’ t paying any taxes for the same reason large agriculture companies get tax cuts which needs to be fixed but everything else you said suggests you are probably 14 and just listening to whatever your liberal parents are telling you . if you took any basic economics class you ’ d realize how stupid half of the stuff you ’ re saying is lmao . also the green new deal is literally publically available , i would suggest you to actually read it . that ’ s why 43 senators only remained present and 3 democrats opposed the bill .
we do n't even have a third . we have half of one of the branches . we do not control the senate .
& gt ; & gt ; buttigieg is like the one actually well spoken/well thinking one who has ideas but also can grapple with reality i 'm impressed with him but mayor to president is a big jump .
correct . just another way of making $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ ...
to be honest we are still so far away and there are so many debates it shouldn ’ t concern you that much . its not like she ’ s sitting where deblasio is 😂
the quarantine did n't go far enough .
deleted
i 'm neither for nor against buttigieg , but if you 're advocating for him , you 're not doing a very good job .
betsy devos
they 'll go back to killing each other over religion

well i mean fox news is basically just a bunch of insane cult members . so that makes sense he would say something fucking crazy .
tucker literally says in the article that you cant defend nk . when we say `` fake news '' , this is what we 're talking about . sensationalized headlines fool the gullible .
to be fair hillary was on video being dragged to a van and being thrown in .
but he has the right opinions , you know , not like those commie pinko liberals .
you seem pretty well educated , do recall the u6 report in the dept of labor stats ? that number is actual indicator of true unemployment . you may recall hearing about how the unemployment numbers during that time were inflated due to the way they are counted . you see when somebody had been on unemployment and it runs out , that person falls off of the unemployment rolls . folks looking for work but not finding jobs . president obama ’ s numbers were actually around 11 % and higher during stretches of his administration . washington times true unemployment 2015 forbes 2012 forbes 2012 edit : these are a couple if sources that popped up . feel free to do your own research .
she absolutely is and many people know it .
but
i 'd say it 's lucky that people can walk and chew gum at the same time . it 's also lucky that the people filing the complaints are not the police onduty in the streets during protests . at least try next time
removed
hi ` nathmonn ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your comment has been removed for the following reason s : your comment does not meet our comment civility rules . please be civil . if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
totally sure that no american potus has ever been this stupid to accomplish nothing but give his buddy kim who murdered his own family members a photo op worth more than money to that little fat ass dictator . trump is the weakest and most cowardly traitorous man to ever sit in that office and the fools that follow him are worse . why do you hate america ? nm , don ’ t care .
yeah when you follow `` there 's no defending it but ... '' with a statement defending it then yes you 're defending it .
you do n't rely on your singlepayer police force to protect you ?
farrights folks at the daily caller are confused about the political spectrum .
& gt ; propped up by the establishment also bullshit spread . polls suggest he 's popular , that isnt the establishment pushing that
this is why everybody hates you
bernie has a consistent record of being progressive . he has clear goals , biden is how do i be a republican in the democrat party .
oh do n't be stupid . you all damn well know he 's no fan of north korea .
ad hominem much ?
this seems to be the plan . i fully expect trump to just say `` if your skin isnt white , you dont belong in the usa . '' and everyone will clap and someone will say `` this is how democracy dies ... ''
please . now you ’ re going to tell me americans are entitled to “ the pursuit of happiness ” ? ! fuck off ! s/
`` let 's be honest , leading a country means killing people and locking up 3 generations of their descendants for life in deadly labor camps from birth onwards regardless of whether they 've done anything at all . ''
tucker is one of the few tv hosts who actually makes sense . bill maher does too occasionally .
removed
deleted
oh they didn ’ t like when obama talked about talking with north korea . .
sure i can ’ t vote but decisions made by your countries leadership do affect the rest of the world . since you 're an entrepreneur just like trump , i wish you every success inventing a pill that helps you wake the fuck up .
23 allegations are evidence
his guinea worm eradication campaign after his presidency is my personal favorite part
dude is a sociopath
ah , so it 's not about looking at the situation objectively bunch of people beating up a journalist , it 's more about who is using the narrative to their benefit and countering it regardless of what went on .
and yet a paradox ... .he may be the best shot at actually winning when including the silent majority
we have a 1,000,000,000,000 dollar a year deficit . we ’ re paying over 400 billion dollars a year interest . we spend almost 8 trillion dollars federally , and locally . you think those people would have that net worth without spending 8 trillion dollars ? get real .
removed

no it is not to keep the other party from trumping up charges because the other party does not appoint the ag or anyone in the doj ; those are all directly under the president ’ s control . and that is why the doj can ’ t indict . because the they are direct under the president he just fires whoever indicts him and keeps firing until he gets to a guy who will rescind the indictment . the constitution gives the president the power to fire and doesn ’ t take that power away if he is indicted . therefore the doj can ’ t indict the president . only the congress can forcefully remove the presidents powers , via impeachment .
look the democrats want open borders , illegal aliens , give every one in the world free health care , destroy private insurance programs , forgive student loans by people who should have known better and generally just mess the whole country up . nothing new there . and their ally cnn fake news will take them to the promise land .
like i said aoc has less than 6 month experience as a politician . she is a bartender who has questionable knowledge on anything to do with politics and economics . she has no room to talk about this issue . now if she gets relected , a big if , maybe she can talk .
removed
& gt ; are they really abandoning a century of american leadership just for trump ? yep . they 'd rather go down with trump than lose face by admitting that trump was a mistake .
i just wasted a minute of my life reading that . give it back please op
have either of them been vp of the united states ? or accomplished as much as mr biden has in congress ? try again . and i know your next response will be `` what about pence ? '' but the fact is he does in fact have charisma as well . it 's charisma and influence among the white christian voter base , but it 's still effective charisma . of course biden will overcome that because his appeal is much , much broader than pence 's .
yep .
and then a year later they change it to something worse ? or does your crystal ball assure you everything will be fine ?
let 's go to the tape , jim .
i listened to the audio ... it 's a classic sovietera propaganda tactic , `` both sides are the same , both sides commit atrocities , even the people closest to you commit atrocities ''
removed
`` 9/11 was a shocking act of violence , on the other hand we should have seen it coming . '' which one is the positive ?
can you provide evidence of the us government killing citizens that stood up to it or criticized it under the obama administration ?
hi ` byrsaoxhide ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your comment has been removed for the following reason s : your comment does not meet our comment civility rules . please be civil . if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
first of all any number of willing people will lap up whatever they perceive as justification for the side they support . you know what won ’ t help ? saying stuff like “ independent thought left years ago for you guys ” as if the american right is uniquely tribal and focus on having good faith conversations . cut through the spin . to the point about putin and ksa , assume for a minute that we don ’ t have the complete picture , and answer this hypothetical . what level of evil are you willing to tolerate in us foreign policy decisions ? what amount of authoritarianism , dictatorship , or human suffering are you willing to support if you genuinely believed that not supporting it would lead to more in the long run ?
source ? making the claim doesn ’ t make it true . provide a source .
you 're .
it ’ s called a red pill , and apparently you need one .
yup
no it ’ s not . i can say all that about anyone even you that doesn ’ t make you guilty
did n't someone on fox win it about every week ?
can we start with tucker carlson ?
its just them peeking out from under the mask and saying `` hey were killing a lot of people , if you 're ok with that i have another `` joke '' for ya .
now this sounds like semantics now . it sounds like people are fishing a hell of a lot depender than your meant to and putting words into his mouth/out of context . it isn ’ t really minimising anything imo , when you call something nk the worst there is . if tucker went out said , both are bad at equal levels then that would be minimising . then i can agree with you . and obviously a right wing media source would attempt to tie their agendas to pro trump , just like left wing media sources would attempt to tie their agendas to anti trump . its called media bias . but in this case . i just ignore the bias and ask myself “ is the statement accurate ” ? and in this case yes it is .
yes
that 'll totally work .
removed
i remember the assault weapons ban in the 90 's , it did n't really do much but get people to buy a fuckton of guns before the effective date . can we please focus on background check systems getting fixed and removing the right to have a gun from people convicted of domestic abuse and assaults ? eric is unrealistic , in pennsylfuckintucky even us liberals own guns and there are a bunch of 2a single issue voters .
removed
agreed .
the transcript just makes it worse . hahaha
they lean libertarian . one of them said “ i hate republicans but i fucking hate democrats ” or something to that effect .
when the worst you can claim about my point is that the syntax is off you should probably reexamine it .
tell that to the clintons daughter
holy shit . and he 's crying over spilt milkshake ? fuck this dude , and fuck the proud boys .
someone doesnt know what socialism is
this is the best tl ; dr i could make , original reduced by 80 % . i 'm a bot & gt ; mexico city mexico has deployed almost 15,000 soldiers and national guard in the north of the country to stem the flow of illegal immigration across the border into the united states , the head of the mexican army said on monday . & gt ; mexico has not traditionally used security forces to stop undocumented foreign citizens leaving the country for the united states , and photographs of militarized police catching central american and cuban women at the border in recent days have met with criticism . & gt ; the national guard should ideally not be implementing migration policy , he argued , while acknowledging that mexican migration authorities were overwhelmed . extended summary | faq | feedback | top keywords : mexico^ # 1 national^ # 2 border^ # 3 security^ # 4 country^ # 5
why ? i pursued an arts degree to a career in ui/ux building design systems and interactivity for user interfaces . if you use an android device or play video games you have probably been directly affected by my work . the only reason my design thinking has any validity and ‘ works ’ to shape your perception and experience on these platforms , is directly a result of “ interpreting art. ” was i wasting my time ? would your experience on a triple a fps franchise have been better served by a stem engineer giving you a command line prompt to change weapons in the middle of a battle ? does the er nurse benefit from a indecipherable and impossible to navigate interface when trying to analyze and treat a patient ? or do all these instances benefit from the nonstem worthless degrees in “ interpreting art ” that i and those in my field did between dance lessons and underwater basketweaving ? just because you don ’ t value what i do , does that mean that it has less value ? or do you think somehow that what i do is easier or that i just took a lazy route because i didn ’ t want to work as hard as science guy , or theoretical physicist lady .
removed
you could have stopped at the word “ confused . ”
deleted
follow and protect . it 's be one thing if they just said `` i like his policies '' but they go out of their way to justify his entire character .
you really think she is n't smart ? & gt ; she graduated cum laude from boston university 's college of arts and sciences in 2011 , majoring in international relations and economics from wikipedia .
is there anything anyone could say to change your mind ?
this is the best tl ; dr i could make , original reduced by 92 % . i 'm a bot & gt ; the weekend negotiations between us president donald trump and china & amp ; # 039 ; s xi jinping , on the sidelines of the g20 meeting in osaka , have been portrayed in some quarters as a breakthrough in the trade war . & gt ; given the recent trends in global output and trade , the fed may have no alternative , particularly since the european central bank has indicated the sudden deterioration has forced it to abort plans to end its stimulus program . & gt ; the third prong in mr trump & amp ; # 039 ; s china attack involves the banking system . extended summary | faq | feedback | top keywords : bank^ # 1 china^ # 2 trump^ # 3 even^ # 4 chinese^ # 5
no , it 's not at all . carlson is a virulent bigot . did you also forget that he has a show on fox news ? he 's a liar and a propagandist . covering for him puts you in the same camp .
so this is how it starts
removed
that 92k he just got will fund patriot prayers legal defense against cider riot . this is a con . it 's fraud and money laundering .
worked a job that a number of millennials have , and then got elected ?
thanks for this . watching now .
good god ... ..have you ever done any thinking ... ... killing people is not ‘ normal ’ no matter how long it has been going on ... .can you think critically ? bye .
i ca n't change your opinions when you believe that everything he says is true . i 'd rather just move past and make a lighthearted joke at your inability to separate fact from fiction .
first off , the felon thing looks like it is n't happening . secondly , i honestly think flordia is a lost cause and probably ohio based off the midterms and they had a black candidate that go round . did that help ? . same time , arizona , penneslyvia , wisconsin , michigan , montana and iowa are all winnable and none of them save , maybe michigan , are going to be turned by the african american vote . they are going to be turned by a candidate 's ability to to turn out youth while flipping independents and white working class voters .
yeah trump was acting like it was all spontaneous when it was so obviously staged . it 's like a national lampoon movie with less skin .
removed
of course he is . he 's using it to excuse their violations and therefore saying it 's fine to engage in open diplomatic talks with them while completely ignoring their human rights abuses .
we do not want open borders . no , people trying to better themselves and their families are n't the problem . no one is interested in the trump speak .
lots of prominent americans liked hitler , including ford and disney and lindbergh . hitler liked america 's segregationist laws too : hitler 's american model . his private train was actually originally named amerika .
there is no shame there . if they 're not winning , they are losing and there is no rule worth following in order to win . the way they talk about obama vs. trump . the way mcconnell kept merick garland off the court but now says he would absolutely put a trump nominee on the court in the year of an election .
& gt ; pedantry ok i 'm done .
then your vote is going to walk , and you are irrelevant from now on . go rewrite the ending of got or something until 2024 .
and antifa does n't exist on the levels of every republican extremist does . hell they barely exist in any state . every mass shooter has been republican or highly conservative in some form in recent times and we know for a damn fact that republicans push the agenda . republicans absolutely are to blame for our own terrorism and that blame extends past partisan lines .
you made the claim , you need to back it up . logic 101 .
the right never cared about that , the left did . those are bad faith arguments
removed
ugh . such dislike of rogan . and i do n't even know what to think of abby martin . used to love her show , breaking the set , but it seems like she only criticizes the u.s. which is very criticizable , extremely so , but e.g . does she ever criticize putin or russia ? anyway , i 'll give it a watch . i feel like i 've heard that assertion from somewhere else before . thanks for the link .
his international legacy has certainly been improved by his work after his presidency a lot of it has been genuinely very good . but his foreign policy during his presidency is a different stroy .
good . id honestly be fine having tucker as president
deleted
neonazis like steve bannon and tucker carlson love her foreign policy because it 's so progressive ! ! !
remind me again ... .if trump is innocent why would he want to keep mueller in the news ? i feel like it would make the most sense to just move on . # confused
i agree , north korea is a brutal dictatorship . no member of a eestern democracy should bidut there . nk 's arrest , incarceration , fake trial and insanely harsh sentencing of otto led directly to his death but i do not believe they physically harmed or tortured him . north korea psychologically and emotionally harmed and tortured him . my evidence is in the medical records and right in the video footage of otto during nk 's `` trial '' of him . north korea chose otto as a hostage and almost certainly framed him for `` theft of a poster . '' north korean intelligence mistakenly thought otto was the type that could be brainwashed in a labor & amp ; re education camp . but otto had a nervous breakdown during the trial . i 'm sure nk intended to scare the hell out of him & amp ; they did . but they overdid it . he really believed he 'd be serving 15 years at hard labor . otto fell apart psychologically you can see it in the videos . here 's a short video ; there are longer ones where he 's hysterically weeping and begging for mercy . north korea thought if they terrified this young american man into breaking down it would help them negotiate an end to economic sanctions . they did not expect him to selfharm before he even made it to the labor camp . once he did , north korea had an international pr disaster on their hands ! that 's why they tried so hard to revive otto , then spent $ 2 million keeping him on 24/7 life support even though their doctors realized he was in a persistent vegetative state from which he could never recover . nk did n't want to admit their happy peasant paradise made otto try to commit suicide . but when his kidneys totally failed they had to either send him home or lie for the next 50 years ! they decided sending him home with a madeup story about a botched botulism treatment was preferable , because they did not want him to die on north korean soil . trump talked tough in the beginning , but when we were on the verge of nuclear wwiii and south korea was freaking out trump backpeddled . kim told trump he `` did n't even know '' about otto and trump told america , `` i took him at his word . '' total bullshit . they all know the truth but it does n't advance their political agenda to tell it ! i wonder how many north koreans were tortured to death for not keeping a closer watch on otto and failing to revive him ? probably quite a few . but in the end both trump and kim shrugged it off ... politics .
deleted
wan na know why this isnt a good answer ? because there is nothing i could do today , which isnt violent or extreme . you can go picket at the capitol during your time off , but you alone wont make a real impact and no current politicians will bend their will because of that . same goes for writing messages to congressman in heavily republican states especially . i will never advocate violence or extreme actions but in today 's political environment i feelcits the only way . not even with trump and republican 's specifically but moreso the poor vs rich and what we need to fix itm
removed
i believe in evidence based policy and most all gun control has not been proven to work . it ’ s too strict and ineffective atm .
work a job that millions have in this country ? `` citizen 's legislature ? ''
but on fascism , you do .
the timeframe was specifically right before and after the tax cut , they did n't really change appreciably from then . the unemployment rate also varies from month to month so it 's misleading to discuss it at specific points without regard to trends . it went down last year around this time and went back up to 4 % in the middle of the year .
you throw around “ decent ” and “ affordable ” as loosely as you throw around party line politics . my desire for better healthcare for our country shouldn ’ t be a political debate . it should be a moral one .
i ’ m about 95 % sure you ’ re trolling , but bernie bros post so much ridiculous nonsense that i ’ m not completely sure .
tucker says you ca n't defend a regime like north korea . article comes out saying tucker is defending north korean regime . lol
what are you talking about , /r/conservative is still there ! : p
& gt ; & gt ; but also fought to keep people in prison even after they were proved innocent . article was short on examples and sources .
keep practicing . this is still not natural sounding .
deleted
i don ’ t have to reply to every part of the comment to make a correction my dude ... . but if you do wish , then i agree . i hate when republicans some how use hilary ’ s email scandal as a way to make trumps actions look worse . i also don ’ t approve of obama ’ s drone strikes , but again that ’ s not the point . because what obama did does not excuse what trump currently does . both of them should be viewers and treated and fixed in the same way . both had bad policy ’ s with immigration although i do think trump is the main person behind all of his policies , while for obama , i don ’ t know this , but much of what was happening could have been under his radar .
can you not see how god damn wrong this is , carlson ? you should n't have to kill people to get to power , at least not in america . this is just another showing of how much more corrupt our government is growing , and why i 'm opposed to the donald .
ca n't fix 'em if we do n't shoot 'em first . & amp ; # x200b ; the perfect capitalism formula .
it is amazing how surprised this sub is when the democrat 's truly racist leaders , like biden , get exposed . democrats founded the kkk . democrats sent kkk members to congress . democrats blocked busing biden . democrats blocked civil rights . their racist past is coming out ... and until they deal with the deep seated racism in their party they 'll never win another national election again .
it 's crucial to attack his policies and offer real alternatives , not just promise to make america polite again and implicitly endorse the fundamental status quo .
like torture , raping and pillaging is ‘ normal ’ ... .i think not .
lol , the full context does n't absolve him at all . why are you defending him ?
& gt ; remember , he ’ s a failed businessman , not a politician and the only thing trump is doing with nk is legitimizing their leader without making any headway .
forgive me but am almost afraid to know ... this shit stain on our country must end and soon .
you ... you really didn ’ t know how the government collects revenue ? did you just think that the fica guy is some jerk in accounting skimming off your hard work ?
& gt ; the children of several of my cousins are halfwhite and we consider them asian american . i would consider them halfwhite ... because it 's biologically what it is .
more like a facefirst dive . this latest episode is coming up out of the water and doing a backflip into a jackknife splash
my wife just gave birth to our first child . the hospital billed my insurance company $ 40,000 . no complications during birth . $ 40,000 !
i thought it was hilarious how neverbernie biden supporters could no longer use age as a reason to oppose bernie , warren to a slightly lesser degree also . the point for me is to look at these candidates ’ pasts with their wildly varying stances on a plethora of topics often having the complete opposite stance that they currently have and then look at bernie , who has been fighting for lgbtq rights and abortion rights and wealth inequality , race inequality for his whole damn life . that being said i can ’ t wait until aoc or gavin newsome or jared polis run , they ’ d destroy . young , intelligent , charismatic , progressives . bernie will always be the original however , and authenticity is near impossible to fake imo .
removed
i would love more recommendations .
come on , it was “ bring your kid to g20 ” day .
i 'm going to misquote you . & gt ; no why does mr. carlson think it 's necessary , then ?
`` hicks asserted she had not knowingly lied when she issued that blanket denial right after the election . '' this is obviously false , since she was directly involved in some of the russian contacts , according to the mueller report : & gt ; on august 18 , 2015 , on behalf of the editorinchief of the internet newspaper vzglyad , georgi asatryan emailed campaign press secretary hope hicks asking for a phone or inperson candidate interview with trump . one day earlier , the publication ’ s founder and former russian parliamentarian konstantin rykov had registered two russian websites—trump2016.ru and donaldtrump2016.ru . rick gates says she was at a planning meeting for the june 9 meeting in trump tower . she also helped cover up carter page 's activities before the election .
did you see the video ? did you see the look of ‘ what the fuck is this vermin doing here ’ from christine lagarde the chairman of the imf ? what does it have to fucking offer to the conversation ? ffs , wake the fuck up .
we came . we saw . he died . hillary clinton
well arent you oblivious . there 's a reason he 's the first . it 's a bad move .
downvoting all their lies and bullshit will help in the long run , but what would really help is rooting these propaganda sources out of america .
the sentiment that bad shit happens in order for good things to come is such a piss poor rationalization of what 's going on over in north korea . i honestly hope tucker carlson 's kids get to serve in the military and die fighting in a war that he helped manufacture with his fear mongering , so he can bear the fruit of his labor . what a xenophobic , boot licking , piece of human filth . i do n't usually get this angry about something so innocuous but this is bull and he knows it . edit : and another thing , say some words and stand by them . that pussy footing bullshit that was his whole statement just shows he has no convictions here . he is just saying things to say them .
deleted
& gt ; germany 's concentration camps did n't start out as death camps . most of them did n't even end up as death camps . though while places like dachau did have executions for `` bad '' behavior and people often died for the harsh conditions there it stayed `` merely '' a concentration camp throughout the entire 19331945 period .
sure vlad .
deleted
trump is doing a great job with north korea . if you ca n't admit that than you definitely view the world through trump hating glasses .
not the argument being made
it always gets worse . nk had the opportunity to learn from hitler how to best run their camps to be as torturous as possible . every new totalitarian leader has the opportunity to learn from their predecessors . how to be more cruel , how best to dispose of bodies , how to extend their rule , and how to avoid getting caught .
& gt ; there are no `` blacks '' in the us that are much more than 50 % black uh ... what ?
if the voters want it then why don ’ t they just leave it up to the voters to vote on . i believe the senators even stated that this is something that should be voted in by the people . that ’ s actually the reason they gave for their actions
thanks for your answer ! that sounds reasonable and in some way you might even be closer than us europeans . we somehow feel like anything bad is the fault of others while at the same times we send our old computers and phones to 3rd world countries so we do n't have to look at them anymore . and then we just do n't think of the wars we 're funding by simply living here tax . it 's such a complicated world :
jesus fuck , what were these people doing to have this many of their comments removed lol .
worked a job that millions have in the us ? `` citizen 's legislature ? ''
pretty sure he won the popular vote among us citizens . it was california that brang hella votes . anyway , you got that source ?
harris ' whole career as a prosecutor is about splitting hairs and misleading people with incredibly specific technicalities . kamala harris is a corporatist who refused to prosecute wall street , supported the prisonindustrial complex , and served undocumented migrants up to ice on a platter . she 's a rightwinger who 's adopted the mantle of fauxprogressivism to try to get elected . her closet is stuffed to the brim with skeletons of every imaginable kind . she 's a black hillary clinton .
he ’ s packing the courts with christian theocratic judges , that ’ s why his support amongst his base is so high , they tell him exactly what they want , he does it . effectively he sees those that voted for him his customers , he ’ s their president and those who didn ’ t in his opinion can go to hell .
and then the massacres of people in the concentration camps begins . hell , i 'd be surprised if they have n't started experimenting ways to kill them already ... for example by leaving kids without their parents and forcing toddlers to take care of babies , without any support of any kind , even material one . people are dying and more people will die . and the trump administration is going to ramp those numbers up , but need some state propaganda to soften the public outcry and deflect it to something else . it 's fucking infuriating to be seeing this , cause all i can think about is the clawmarks that the victims of the nazis left in the chambers where the people were slaughtered . i hope this wo n't happen , that trump and the administration has some good in them , that even they consider genocide too much ... but i doubt it .
if he ’ s not defending north korea then what was the point of his comment ? why did he feel the need to qualify his initial remarks condemning them ?
i honestly read ice as internal combustion engine smh
change my mind that kju is a bad person ? uh , no .
i 'm not a lawyer , so i wo n't say with any certainty , but it seems to me that while the threat may have been in general , each of the officers sent after him would be `` subject to alarm '' from his threat .
you 're upset reddit is talking about the guy who spews fake news ?
people keep saying 1984 , but this is straight up animal farm shit . 2 legs good , 4 legs bad .
unless her transcripts are made public , we don ’ t really know if she graduated cum laude .
health care makes people more likely to work , not less . sickness does n't increase productivity .
once again cafeteria christians decide what they want to enforce .
removed
he 's specifically referring to mocking a waiter speaking with a lisp . it 's remarkably similar to a sort of weird story he told chinese students in 2011 about how he used to be mocked for stuttering . he employed a stutter for a few seconds , then when the chinese kids tittered because they felt awkward for him , he chastised them , saying , `` see ! like that people would laugh at me ! it was horrible ! '' seems like he 's recycling his own stuttering problem and equating it to being gay because the gays always have a lisp or something ?
you read it but obviously failed to understand . this is classic double speak , false equivalence , and mealy mouthed bullshit from a pathetic maga slave . it is food for the gops unprincipled voters .
it looks like i had copied the wrong link on my phone ! but even the article that i had posted said it was a cumulative effect of both globalization and automation . either way you really just need to walk into the plants and see it 's purely just robots now with people doing the tasks that machines currently ca n't do .
fox news everyone , easing you into fascism one day at a time .
warren is the probably the most electable candidate . it sure isn ’ t harris . look into her record . she ’ s no progressive and that ’ s what people want . thank god california ’ s primary is earlier this year so the rest of the country doesn ’ t fall into believing we want harris .
what the fuck is even happening anymore .
removed
it 's not like they playing soccer during their voyage to the border . also , suggesting soccer is a racist statement . not all hispanics play soccer , you incel .
`` do n't tread on me ... unless you 're going to own the libz , then tread plenty ! ''
removed
it 'd have to be voluntary , and i ca n't imagine it 'd result in more than 1/4 of such weapons in private hands being sold to the government . iow , it 'd be ineffective . i agree with another post below . pushing gun control is a fine way to push up republican and progun voter turnout .
you ’ ll be excited to know that the system you went through is being broken for the sake of breaking it/preventing immigration then . my husband is currently pursuing his citizenship he could have under obama but i guess voting against trump was a better motivation and they ’ ve removed all sorts of helpful things and added other obstacles . an easy one to site is you can no longer do your interview where you live , it must be in an accompanying state or at least several hundred miles away ! so instead of doing your interview in seattle you now must interview in yakima or portland . you also need your lawyer present for that trip 🥳 so that adds up fast . they also try to no longer swear you in after your interview but instead make you come back to that same far away location at a later date . the processing times have also increased from a few months to a few years because they cut the offices abiloty to process anything down to just a few workers . you ’ re pretty naïve to assume nothings changing because it was ok when you did it .
democrats use msnbc and cnn spew their liberal propaganda bullshit you guys are just out of touch with reality . i 'm not complaining all this liberal nonsense continues to help trump and the reason why were gon na have 4 more years so thanks !
i think this is the play .
headline of article : `` fox host tucker carlson defends north korea '' article itself : `` it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . '' carlson this is why trump gets away with calling everything fake news , because of shit like this .
& gt ; so original . & gt ; & gt ; please tell me how ice are nazis , otherwise do n't go making ridiculous statements . like nazis , ice imprisons children in overcrowded and unhygienic facilities without proper food or medical attention . like nazis , children die in the custody of ice . agents of ice have drugged , beaten , and raped children in their custody just like nazis did . also , ice apologists should stop being so ridiculous .
not if he keeps this up he wo n't .
id tell you , but since history and comprehension dont seem to have much effect on you , it would probably be a waste of time . im sure youll be calling it an evacuation of immigrants soon .
let ’ s also be honest that it was a stupid idea from the start . i didn ’ t think anyone would take it seriously . i put it in the same category as arming teachers and trump running unarmed to save the kids in a school shooting . delirious ramblings of a mad man .
that ’ s what blows my mind , if anyone brings it up people associate it with the end when they murdered millions . it didn ’ t just happen out of nowhere it was a slow build up to it . we already know 7 kids have died and that just what we know about , they aren ’ t exactly documented so who knows how many they “ swept under the rug ” .
i ’ ve asked this several times throughout different threads , and have yet to get an answer : how does being well spoken help me , a person who doesn ’ t have insurance and only $ 34 in my bank account ? and if you ’ re someone who is wealthy and can afford to vote based on being well spoken , does it not bother you that buttigieg released climate change proposals that are backed by the fossil fuel industry ?
i really do n't want to go back to post brexit britain , but that is terrifying
do we expect him to say anything less these days ? lol
why does this title feel like a misrepresentation of what tucker actually said/meant ? can we all grow up please ?
& gt ; if thing a is seen as negative , then a different perspective can show a as something positive or neutral . as i said , the second statement can also be neutral . also by positive and negative i do n't mean `` happy sentence '' and `` sad sentence '' . your first statement focuses on the actions of the terrorists . your second one focuses on the actions of the us . saying `` we should have seen it coming '' implies that the us is to some degree to blame for 9/11 . no matter if it 's true or not , it 's not as negative towards the attackers of 9/11 compared to the first one . that 's what i mean when saying that it 's `` positive '' . but your example does show how my use of language can be confusing and that `` positive '' is n't really the correct word to use .
consistent thinking is important . good on you !
being a barrista doesn ’ t make you qualified in the same way that running a large corporation does . out of all the trump children , ivanka is the one that actually does have a brain and wasn ’ t just playing makebelieve at the trump organization .
i suggest you take a look at the treasury numbers from the 1960s where jfk planned to cut taxes but was assassinated before he could but the congress and senate passed them anyway . revenues went up . again the the 1980s same deal under reagan and again in the 2000 under bush . don ’ t forget obama let them ride an extra year before he got rid of them and the numbers show it , the tax rate is cut , people do more economic activity like invest in businesses , pay higher wages etc , so the end result is more treasury revenues now the spending is a different story don ’ t forget now ... . search for it and notice that the info is from treasury.gov
removed
'leading a country means killing people ' according to fascists us republicans
depends whether you 're of the ... urban variety . cause based on that we 'd either be reading a hilarious florida man headline or your obituary .
how on earth is that relevant ? is it ok to assassinate citizens without due process or is it not ?
you mean clinton and obama . under bush they loved dictators .
i like how people out there are trying to pose this as a win because `` diplomacy is always better than war '' are you fucking three years old or something , the north koreans literally have fucking concentration camps in their country and we are supposed to reason with them . like did we learn nothing from world war two , there is no room for diplomacy with people when they are willing to put other people in death camps , those people should be destroyed , if there was ever a country deserving of military intervention it was north korea .
he 's not wrong , but he 's arguing for the wrong side .
& gt ; sick nasty owns & gt ; don ’ t burn yourself on that hot take you ’ re a meme .
is he that millionaire owned by billionaires ?
so as a christian , i 'm ignorant . as a conservative , i 'm ignorant . so dear muse , what must i do to be non ignorant ? embrace non science as do those who embrace subjective truth ? puff myself up with pride and self righteousness until i burst ? insult my fellow americans ? where in the world is this tolerance that progressives claim to own ?
it was the lamest inauguration ever . we all know it was a scam .
proof .
i agree . not quite as big as going from reality tv star to president , but big nonetheless . at this point i think he ’ s the hands down favorite for vp followed by castro .
23 corroborated allegations . so many people would have to be in on the lie , and so far none of them are proven to be lying .
& gt ; carlson is a virulent bigot and you think bolton is in any way less so ? & gt ; did you also forget that he has a show on fox news ? he 's a liar and a propagandist . and hes used that show to criticize pro war interventionists like john bolton and even trump . in this area specifically , carlson is actually much better than other news anchors and leagues better than past and current administrations . replacing bolton outright with him would be a small step up . i 'd definitely feel like first striking a country with a nuke would n't be on the table so i 'd be extremely relieved . & amp ; # x200b ; edit : & gt ; covering for him puts you in the same camp . if i 'm covering for carlson then you 're covering for bolton . one is immeasurably more dangerous and you 're pretending they 're the same .
she went full antiamerica for a while . like way beyond an anarchist progressive but now she ’ s leveled out a bit
excuse me what the fuck
what democrat has proposed open borders ? is there some sort of medication that you have either taken too much of or not enough of ?
that story posits that he may have attempted suicide . it ’ s by no means definitive .
we both used the term “ agree. ” the term “ agree ” is defined as : & gt ; consent to do something that has been suggested by another person someone who “ agrees ” to sell their labor is by definition not being coerced . it was linguistically reasonable for readers to understand your scenario ’ s use of the word “ agree ” to communicate consent , and thus exclude coercion . one does not ” agree ” to so something under duress . they ’ re “ forced ” to act under duress .
that 's nice . mr. carlson was n't talking about enemies . he was talking about citizens .
if any of you watch fox news regularly , you would know that tucker carlson actually hates north korea and calls them out for their atrocities . people are just spinning this into something it isn ’ t .
she may even apologize and offer the n.k . security guys a free shot at her face . bam , down she goes .
but gorsuch didn ’ t steal it.. mitch and grassley stole it . unless we can prove gorsuch schemed with the republican leadership to steal the seat , he hasn ’ t broken any laws .
viddy well , little brother , viddy well .
well the people who voted for her sure thought so . remind me , who voted for ivanka ?
you 're conflating working and earning an income . income is given based on the perceived worthcof your labour not always commensurate but work is just your labour . people who volunteer are working , just not seeking reimbursement for the labour . work that provides for the community is a moral endeavour whether you 're being paid or not . hobbies that provide a benefit i.e . hiking and cleaning up trash is basically just unpaid work , but it 's important to differentiate between expending your labour to the benefit of the wider community and being paid .
black lodge ?
alright reading through those none of them agree with what you said . some of them were interpreting what she may have meant and then the one that had a quote from her team used an example of allowing someone to retire rather than work because they ’ re unwilling to change out of an outdated job . downvote all you want but the new green deal was an example of how out of reality the super progressives are .
ooh sorry . that ’ s logic 101 . not the rules of the universe
telling the truth is a good thing . so let ’ s try again ... are you disagreeing with his comment ?
bartenders probably make more than you . edit : your history suggests you tip like a fuck
deleted
you are trying to read too much into what i said . aoc is a clown .
they are the primary voting base . white , uneducated males are the voting base of the rnc .
he can stay at a trump branded hotel where he can both bribe trump and launder some money at the same time !
can you explain on why it is a bad move ? i see it as a step in building trust and having less threats between us .
`` single people making above 80k '' you 're not single . a big way to get around stuff like that , that does n't require single payer is to do what germany does and have employers required to contribute to your health plan but instead of them choosing which plan you get , you do .
we ca n't have abortions because that 's killing a baby but killing an adult is ok if you run a country . i 'll never understand republican logic .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
history says otherwise
title of article : & gt ; fox host tucker carlson defends north korean regime text from article : & gt ; “ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world , ” mr carlson said & gt ; “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . & gt ; “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr carlson added this is why the phrase `` fake news '' exists .
because shes a fucking moron who doesnt know shit . takes after her father .
it 's easier to process that way .
removed
bubbles the monkey is more qualified than ivanka .
my goto descriptor for tucker carlson , who owns this shitty blog , is `` confused baked potato . '' tell me you do n't see it .
he had a milkshake poured over him and they are acting like he was lynched . in what universe do these little crybabies live where they think they are the tough guys ?
when hitler took over , only 6 % of germans identified as nazis . let that set in .

removed
removed
she was the only democrat on the ticket . are you even familiar with california ?
`` the press is the enemy of the people '' `` we should get rid of the journalists '' `` leading a country means killing people '' the party that thinks they execute the will of god .
no , just because he doesn ’ t like the country doesn ’ t mean that he is defending their actions , as in their murders . very bad . the only really reason why he denounced it on the first hand is because he thinks they ’ re leftist and wants to make sure he shows he doesn ’ t like that , but can ’ t hide his authoritarianism .
ok hs counselor .
deleted
`` the hydra uprising , also known as the hydra infiltration and the fall of s.h.i.e.l.d. , was a major conflict that went back as early as the 1940s . after world war ii , the security agency s.h.i.e.l.d . was founded , but was soon infiltrated by hydra , the rogue nazi science group originally formed by the red skull prior to his disappearance . for the next several decades , hydra grew within s.h.i.e.l.d . 's ranks , manipulating the agency and using its unlimited resources to suit their plans . in 2014 , the infiltration was exposed during project insight , and hydra , in an effort to save itself , started purging all s.h.i.e.l.d . facilities of nonhydra aligned individuals . '' and so it begins
so neither is a positive perspectives ? correct ?
less than 1 % of americans think more gun control is an important issue according to gallup . gun control isn ’ t a winning issue .
remember in 2008 when candidate obama said he would like to negotiate with north korea and the right and hillary freaked out . i seem to recall right wing radio hosts doing entire shows about how stupid that would be .
& gt ; and i know your next response will be `` what about pence ? '' no . i will go with dick cheney . i see no argument that cheney was likeable . the dude was like a bond villain .
to sell handbags ? yep .
straw man ? more like an effigy to dipshittery . and to be fair , i only beat it because it was on fire and i didn ’ t want those wasteful firemen getting their sooty , money grubbing hands over your hard earned taxes .
what the heck is the top comment chain/silver train of removed comments ? my curiosity burns .
yes it does . she has a voice and strong one at that and many will listen to her .
but having big money interests elevate you into politics based on your looks is totally a career .
they 're more likely to vote for someone who will promise they wo n't have to pay for it anymore , then wonder why people are literally dying in the streets .
deleted
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
people with functioning frontal lobes do n't watch fox `` news '' regularly . especially not the tucker carlson white power hour .
seems things are going swimmingly well with their new press secretary too . morons . all of them .
can you provide the full quote , to educate me ?
removed
also every illegal immigrant , apparently .
why do conservatives lie about literally everything ? go back to quarantine . bye .
the real attacks by antifa make the fake attacks more believable .
and , they could afford his m4a premiums ? has he thought this through .
that ’ s the entire republican platform .
the only problem i have is that it supposedly matters what this overpaid dimbulb says .
yeah , you 're right . still , what tucker said is still dangerous . killing does n't have to be a part of leadership and i would hope you know that .

thanks
i see you are not familiar with the reference . it 's prose not a list of facts .
sure , a lot of the rights that are given to us by the constitution are just ensuring that the govt . does n't inhibit what is a natural , free state of being . but not all of them . take , for example , the right to an attorney granted by the 6th amendment . no one is born with that . same thing with the right to vote . these are things that have been granted by the govt . to allow life liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
deleted
& gt ; “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . lol , what year does he think it is ?
& gt ; no one was left gottem ! /s
fox news including bolton and tucker criticizing obama for meeting kim .
hows quarantine ?
i threw up in my mouth ... . 7 times .
not the world ... just our own country . but republicans want to take healthcare away from seniors so i should n't be surprised
removed
so again , your point and his is to defend nk by comparing it to the us and its allies yes ?
no , sorry . to clarify anything anyone could say to change your mind about trump ’ s different approach to nk ? because , imo , i see it as a positive alternative to the status quo we ’ ve taken with that country in the past . a diplomatic approach as opposed to embargos & amp ; warthreats . i ’ m with you in that kju is an awful human and has along with his family oppressed/murdered his citizens for generations . i ’ d just prefer to see us liberate them through diplomacy as opposed to war .
read the complaint ... absolutely horrifying
gestures vaguely
in addition to what dbake responded to you with : remember that warren and harris as well as many others haven ’ t shared a stage yet . polls can shift wildly from one debate to the next this early on especially . warren is a strong contender and a fighter and had the best showing in the previous debate so she ’ s still doing great .
deleted
that cartoon is so disrespectful and disgusting . really horrible . ben sucks .
i mean , reddit i still at it today . it ’ s gotten a lot better though .
hitler hitler hitler hitler hitler ? hitler . hitler hitler , hitler hitler hitler hitler .
kamal harris attempted to revive the busing issue during the last democrats debate and that 's how the issue became relevant for the time being . but yeah , here in california the voters banned forced busing in 1979 by constitutional amendment and the federal courts completely repudiated their concept of it about 12 years ago .
i disagree that its lighthearted . i think it 's very mean spirited actually . and stems from a lack of argument . how do you know you cant change my opinion if you dont try
just pay attention to what they accuse others of .
yeah he definitely might have alzheimer ’ s along with my mom and about 5.5 million other americans . or another form of dementia . definitely possible both for him and a number of leading democratic candidates who are over 65 .
a major part of a royal person 's childhood is spent being taught how to behave in public as a royal person . i 'm against royalty as a social position , but the queen of england behaves according to strict standards .
removed
i bet she made more than you
you do realize how much cash he spends on literally everything but that right ?
huh ? shut the fuck up man no one wants to hear it .
so what are people supposed to think exactly when they hear ann counter complain about the `` browning of america '' or laura ingraham regularly go on a diatribe about immigrants and `` massive demographic changes '' or donald trump asks `` why do we want all these people from 'shithole countries ' coming here ? `` ? what are they supposed to think when legal muslim immigrants get detained at airports ? what are they supposed to think when the trump administration tries to make changes to the legal immigration system , including getting rid of chain migration the most common method of legal immigration ? what were they supposed to think when the trump administration tried to put a citizenship question on the census , and there was documentation discovered which said that the intent to benefit whites ? what are people supposed to think when somebody says `` get out of my country '' to jorge ramos , who is an american citizen ? what are they supposed to think when ice is already detaining legal immigrants ? and of course , the thing i already mentioned about their goal of denaturalization . am i really supposed to see and hear all these things and come to the conclusion that everything is great and republicans love immigrants ? and this is just all the stuff that 's public . i can tell you as a white man , the shit that conservative white people who think i 'd agree with them will say in front of me in private that they do n't say in front of black or brown people is shocking .
the time for asking is two years back when they voted . the answer was yes . we stand . right now the time is to absolutely shut down their fashy intents .
these people remind me of ricky bobby when he thinks saying `` with all due respect '' allows you to say whatever you want after lmao
just the guy who refuses to prosecute them , instead going after his own supporters .
just another reminder that is completely abnormal for the president 's top leadership to all be family members and personal acquaintances .
oh , they know how to do what they were brought in for , and that 's not run an effective organization or agency . each and every one was brought in to destroy the government or funnel money to cronies , and they 're very effective at that .
i 'm not concerned with anything but trump not understanding what the fuck busing is .
it does n't bother any of us because the people making the comparisons are fucking nuts lol . i personally love you guys . your insane hyperbole will get him elected again . thanks !
she was n't 'dragged ' or 'thrown . ' if i remember correctly , she had pneumonia . i 've had it six times but i 'm too mean to die .
deleted
they probably hate her domestic policy . also i bet the klan loved hilary over obama , does that make hilary a klan sympathizer ? if your only response to antiimperialism is `` these other people happen to favor it in these cases '' , then you havent made a good point and are just uncritically accepting imperialism .

if she ’ s so awful then your man sanders should have no problem beating her .
what if we had a competent president who does n't meet with nk on a whim but plans any interactions like this to the normal standards employed by competent presidents ? it would n't have happened , that 's what . this is a disaster . you ca n't have a dictator 's thugs rough up a us official in the potus 's entourage with impunity and not look weak to the world , so now the us has to do something about it or look hopelessly weak in front of the whole world . that 's a loselose situation no competent potus would have gotten america into . that 's why doing something like this on a whim is stupid and dangerous and nothing a competent president would do .
have you guys heard of the kardashians ?
if you taught trump about the nuremberg trials , he 'd probably become obsessed with `` winning '' his own version .
it 's already illegal for a person convicted of a crime of domestic violence to own a firearm .
pointing out hypocrisy only works on people with a sense of shame .
/s right ? ? ? ?
so you ’ re entitled to their money because you spend money on their businesses ? is that what you ’ re trying to say ?
that is pretty interesting . thanks for the link . im not sure i agree it is `` life saving treatment '' but the stats are very compelling . i wonder how much that involves being told that their life will be better after they transition so they want it , and then feel at ease afterwards whereas teaching people to love their best bodies as they are might have similar results . either way , that research does make a strong case that the sex change surgery is beneficial with regards to lowering suicide risks . i notice though it compares to the normal population rather than to the control that doesnt get the surgery , though that might be in the data as well . i havent had time to go through all of it . does this link work for you ? showing not working
deleted
did you even read my comment ? one of the statements is less negative and directs blame to the us and not the terrorists . first statement = very negative about terrorists . second statement = neutral about terrorists . so as i said & gt ; if thing a is seen as negative , then a different perspective can show a as something positive or neutral .
i do n't disagree , but we 're very likely entering a world where humans do n't have to do much of that . so , if that means everyone is immoral and needs to be punished , it 's gon na be a big mess .
murdered him😂
deleted
i 've seen that plenty is all i 'm gon na say
because there are other good candidates and people 's reasons for supporting them should n't be minimized or misrepresented just because you and i think that buttigieg is the better candidate . pete 's my # 1 at the moment , but i agree with the other poster that it 's better to bigup him than trash all the other candidates , especially in such a broad way . i think he 's the best candidate for a lot of reasons , but imo it 's unfair to say he 's the `` only '' one who can do the things you mentioned . plus , harris was underperforming in the polls for a while , so it 's conceivable that something similar will happen for other candidates too . we are early in the process and should n't fire up every time somebody sees a surge .
remember , milkshakes are literally worse than 51 murders .
id rather we get rid of the red states mooching off the system . saves way more money .
he is defending them though ? he is playing down what they are doing to stupid maga folks who gulp this shit down . on facebook you 'll see `` north korea ai n't so bad them brittainers kill just as much ! '' tucker carlson is 100 % opening the gate as slowly as possible to accepting the nk regime edit : another commenters comment summed it up oh no it 's actually worse when you include the rest . & gt ; & gt ; “ not on the scale that the north koreans do , but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with , ” he continued . he acknowledges north korea 's brutal executions and systemic murder while in the same breath suggesting they are n't worse than us because our friends are guilty of the samebutnotreally . this is subversive and dangerous .
if any of you watch fox news regularly , you would know that tucker carlson actually hates north korea and calls them out for their atrocities . people are just spinning this into something it isn ’ t .
i wonder how much he was paid to say that .
like la and sf , wtf is he referring to ? i can not imagine .
deleted
have you ever read his explanation about what happened ?
maybe i ’ m just getting paid more than you guys .
if everyone that felt that way voted we would get rid of twitler for sure
i 'm obviously against the improper treatment of children in those facilities , but it came as a result of overcrowding from a mass influx of migrants , shelters that were built to hold 300 people were filled with 2000+ because they had nowhere else to go . it was n't part of an evil scheme . to compare ice officers doing their job of enforcing immigration law to nazis is a dangerous statement to make , you know as well as i do that labeling someone as nazi in this modern political era essentially dehumanizes them .
i ’ ve never seen meghan mccain at the summit . weird comparison but ok
except no they haven ’ t . from the article you posted . they haven ’ t broken the terms and shot icbm ’ s off . “ although north korea has not gone so far as to renege on its moratorium on nuclear and icbm tests , which mr. kim announced last year ” “ the tests conducted on saturday morning were of “ short range ” projectiles , south korean officials said , flying 42 to 124 miles off wonsan . the distance ruled out the possibility that the country had resumed tests of intermediate or intercontinentalrange ballistic missiles , and the north ’ s state news agency reported on sunday that the weapons were rockets and “ tactical guided weapons. ” ” “ “ it solely turns on whether chairman kim makes the fundamental strategic decision ” to give up his weapons , mr. pompeo said , “ the one he has told me a halfdozen times he has made , the one he has told the president a handful of times he has made. ” if the process breaks down , he said , “ we ’ ll obviously have to change paths. ” ” why don ’ t we give peace a chance instead of hoping it fails ?
jesus christ ! there 's no justifying this .
`` gun control '' is a vague and nonspecific term and specific policies have varying degrees of support which fluctuate based on how informed the individual is on the actual proposals and how they actually affect actual guns . looking at the questions in that link shit like `` do you think gun laws should be more or less strict '' and `` do you support a law banning semi automatic rifles known as assault weapons ? '' are too vague when the definition of what constitutes more strict gun control or what constitutes an assault weapon vs non assault weapon are not explained . that is like asking `` do you think traffic laws should be more or less strict '' and `` do you support banning the sale of sports cars '' without defining what is more strict or what makes a sports car . sure some gun control policies on some levels are widely supported but the devil is in the details which is a big reason why those supposedly popular policies have n't been enacted .
yes some at 18 who is being pressured to go to college and who obviously would n't have the money themselves is wise enough to make financial decisions . especially when parents are encouraging them to take loans they they do n't have to pay for the college themselves . one again this helps the economy so therefor you . you 're one of those that would cut your nose to spite your face . weird and sad .
even that does n't solve everything , because a presidents main job is to be involved in matters of state , they are removed by several layers from the average person . on top of that , due to the isolation , they lose touch with the real world . little things like driving or going shopping simply do n't happen . every president has some variation of the story from obama , when credit card chip readers were released , and he went to pay for something and had no idea how to do it . power isolates people from those without power and those who report to the president tend to tailor information to what the president wants to hear .
centrist democrats who `` compromise '' with far right republicans just come off as republican light . why would a republican constituent they 're trying to corral a vote from vote for the light version when they can vote for the real deal ? why would a liberal constituent want to vote for a faux republican ? why have the democrats lost hundreds of seats across the country since 2008 ? ¯\_ ツ _/¯
jesus would just smite the poor people , you know , him being all blonde and blue eyed nord with a god complex . /s
removed
to be clear , i 'm all for having an intelligent debate on the best way to achieve school integration and close the achievement gap . but that 's not what 's happening . biden is being labeled a racist or outoftouch as if busing was a proven solution to the problem that only a racist would oppose or question . and the motivation is quite obvious . he 's ahead in the polls , america had basically forgotten about harris , so she blatantly played the race card to create a breakout debate moment at biden 's expense . same deal with castro attacking beto on criminal vs. civil penalties for illegal border crossings . i happen to think harris would make a formidable opponent for trump , maybe the best among the field in terms of being able to take him on in a live debate . but if we evaluate it honestly , that stunt she pulled was a lowblow and totally selfserving . it had nothing to do with actual race relations . it was all about harris trying to grandstand and make headlines .
there ai n't no grift like the white wing victimhood grift .
your submission ` dod expected to take over background checks in october ` was automatically removed because ` fedsmith.com ` is not on our approved source whitelist . r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source . domains must : be notable , as defined by our domain notability guidelines . notable domains will consist of news organizations , research organizations , political advocacy groups , governmental agencies / bodies , and political parties . contain articles , videos or soundclips relevant to current us politics contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source . be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey . if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist , please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us . however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form , we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account . if you submit a spam domain via the form , your account may be reported to the site administrators . to submit a domain for approval use this form and follow the instructions provided i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
they could already tell who might be problematic from social media . i do n't buy that a purge is imminent and conservatives had the same misguided kinds of freakouts when obama was in office , but if there was one the targets are already mostly identified .
lagarde ’ s face xd she ’ s like “ ohh dear ”
the only warning signs anyone should see is that the democrats could literally put anyone up for presidental election next cycle and people would vote for them . if russia truly got trump elected and has an actual plan , then you should be looking for the next step in that plan , which is probably going to be a `` perfect candidate '' on the dem side since they 're pretty much guaranteed presidency next election .
removed
& gt ; right wing socialist that does not exist unless you disregard the meaning of `` socialist '' . the word you 're looking for is `` fascist '' , which i doubt carlson is .
impeachment comes with hearings . regular hearings do n't get the media coverage of once in a generation events , my guy .
removed
it can also buy a helluva lot of drugs . kinda winwin for them . i can ’ t even afford drugs , like the not good kind that help my high blood pressure from watching mr. trump engage on the world stage .
for what ?
removed
perfectly valid question . do we let them all die in the meantime ?
there ’ s rights beyond those granted to you at birth . there ’ s also rights that a just society have the responsibility to provide . those include police for protection , firemen for fires , ambulances for emergency health services , educating the young as you note , and healthcare for the sick/injured which should be added in the us .
removed
removed
harris main thing as ag was letting people in trump 's admin off the hook while pursuing kids and minor drug dealers
good ! making mistakes is okay , as long as you learn from it . the senator seems to have learned from their mistake .
if you want a white ethno state , you ’ re gon na have to break a few eggs .
i 'm a republican but that is stupid
oh no . this is a legitimate media personality saying this shit . i can not believe the country we live in
he ’ s having to reach out further out there to stay relevant . a true hack .
some people still have n't learned from '16 when democrats ran a corporate centrist against trump .
ah yes , i distinctly remember trump bragging about how he was going to be like every other president , especially the liberal ones . great talking point , maga slaves . next you are going to defend his loving embrace of radical islam in saudi arabia by reminding us that obama was muslim . geniuses , all of ya .
one side is milkshaking people . the other is committing vehicular homicide and mailing bombs to people .
he might have had a chance in 2016 , when his record of obama 's accomplishments was fresher in people 's minds and the dem party had not yet felt the bern . but now it 's beyond too late for him .
deleted
& gt ; do you disagree that a group of people with an average iq of 98 will be more skilled strategists than a group of people with the average iq of 84 ? it depends . strategists do n't appear out of a vacuum .
as opposed to winning a popularity contest in new york city one time ? i dunno . not a fan of ivanka , but “ glass houses . ”
removed
i bet you do n't tip at all you fuckhead
how was this out of context ? ? ? he 's defending kim 's extermination camps . wtf .
removed
nurses are being paid a premium because of shortages largely caused by the medical education system failing to meet demand due to the mass retirement of nurses trained before bsns became a requirement in most hospitals . it 's not that different from the doctor shortage really . the federal government should be spearheading this issue by pumping money into expanding nursing and medical school seats . everyone would benefit if doctors and nurses were paid slightly less but significantly less overworked . burnout in the medical field from overwork is a huge issue .
removed
deleted
we also have an inherently fd up system in which certain votes are weighed more than others based on geographic location
deleted
because it is from experience . ok maybe not in seattle , i dont live there . but plenty of people will mock gay people . and not necessarily like `` omg he 's gay wtf that 's disgusting '' but more like making that `` weak wrist '' gesture when he 's gone . that shit happens , ask any gay person . and yeah seattle is more progressive but they are n't some foreign land , i imagine it 's not too different and i 'm not interested jn saying it 's 100 % accurate , i just think the reaction is over the top
removed
wtf are you talking about ?
man ... some shit went down in here !
putin 's presumed successor , for one , is from an obscure asian ethnic group . i lived in both russia and america , the former is way less racist . xenophobic as shit though . it 's a very different country with very different issues . there was no racebased slavery , ethnicitybased eradication campaigns were quite a lot less brutal and lasted far shorter . on the other hand , institutionalized antisemitism has lasted for centuries there . both ussr and russian empire very rarely cared about someone 's skin color or eye slant . speak russian and profess your belief into communism/the orthodox church welcome aboard . from an everyday standpoint your race is very rarely a part of your identity there . in america you 're white . or black . or asian . or latino . with a capital letter . race permeates every aspect of public life . the news will describe someone 's race and gender when reporting on a crime , politicians will tailor their messages to specific race groups , you have to assign yourself a racial group or it will be assigned for you . just remember warren 's native dna scandal . it shows up far less often in russia . people would mostly define themselves by their nationality , culture or religion . conflicts would usually also arise along these lines . like orthodox ethnic russians duking it out with muslim chechens .
yeah , that little rocket man shit was next level diplomacy . what a genius .
except you still should n't defend those atrocities . and no , leading a country does n't have to mean killing people . especially not your own people
and here i thought fox could n't get worse but here they are proving me wrong .
slow day ?
just about anyone that makes more than minimum wage does n't support this train wreck , so no unfortunately you are wrong . on a related note , you should consider making more than minimum wage though !
conservatives at washington examiner pretend to care about busing despite supporting a candidate who is fucking ignorant about the issue . & gt ; trump , dumb as always , thinks busing is about transportation
& gt ; on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . `` on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . `` so what does he mean by his statement above ? i 'd love to hear your response .
oh my bad . they have so many flavors of creepy it 's hard to keep track .
removed
`` this is the end of biden 's campaign '' has been said how many times now , this year ? lmao let 's wait and see
are you saying their health insurance is not covering saving their lives ?
removed
it ’ s fake news in the most perfectly defined way . in the dictionary , next to fake news , should be a fox logo .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the issue isn ’ t about the accuracy of his statement . the issue is that the is minimizing their human rights atrocities by going out of his way to call attention to those of other countries . why did he feel the need to remind everyone of the “ truth ” if the point wasn ’ t to defend them ? because it seems obvious to everyone who isn ’ t a fullblooded trump supporter that tucker is trying to defend trump ’ s latest asskissing efforts by convincing his audience that kju isn ’ t such a bad guy after all .
deleted
yah these morons get paid more than alist hollywood actors to pretend to be outraged over nothing . don ’ t forget to preorder bill o ’ reillys next book “ killing democracy : how leftist propaganda is ruining america . ”
look at the pdf link at the bottom with the full results . only 1 out of 100 respondents said gun control was the most important issue to them .
and the high nazi bar will always be disingenuously used to justify anything . `` how dare you compare this to the holocaust and to nazis ? they killed 6 million people , we 've only killed 5.5 . jesus , have some perspective snowflakes , you disrespect the real holocaust victims with your virtue signaling '' .
deleted
removed
`` i 'm not defending them , but ... '' goes on to defend them .
removed
fuckin walk .
this is what happens when you `` listen to ideas '' from fascists .
the order also should require dhs to identify where all children are being held , esp . children without a parent or guardian , so that the conditions and their wellbeing can be assessed . congressional committees should send investigators to those facilities .
& gt ; they do n't sympathize with nazis , they are nazis . so we 've agreed that one side is literally nazis and the other side 's only major platform is ... antinazis ...
deleted
i was told the democrats were guaranteed the 2016 election too .
even if it does double my federal income tax , it 's still cheaper than private ! using my employerprovided insurance as an example : making $ 42k/year , i pay 5 % of my income premiums for the privilege of paying another 5 % of my income deductible before the insurance company so much as lifts a fucking finger , at which point i 'm on the hook for another 10 % of my income coinsurance to out of pocket maximum before i 'm done being run through the ringer . the year i needed surgery , that was 20 % of my income . my effective federal tax rate factoring in that the first bracket has a lower rate ? 8 % .
fussing about diction is absolutely pedantic . citizens , former citizens , americans , family , take your pick . it 's irrelevant what we call them , we both know who they are .
tucker carlson . what a worm .
reminder to don jr. that his father has yet to prove he 's not the son of an orangutan .
the conclusion of carlson defending nk seems to mean status quo though . so that 's good .
peace ? he just pissed off iran . hes pissing off china . every country he isnt ass kissing thinks he is a moron . the economy is not fixed at all . he is letting illegal immigrants children be tortured . while she wants to socialize our country a bit . just like the entire civilized world .
holy shit . on the other hand and but mean the same thing in this context . do you really think you can win arguments with this kind of useless semantics ? he was defending north korea and defending trump trying to become allies with nk . period .
so you would rather save .8 % than help thousands of people . cool
removed
why are you are supporting the violent nazis ?
full quote : “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr carlson added “ but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with . '' you are doing what you are accusing others of doing .
tucker carlson minister of propaganda .
well , it certainly isn ’ t as meaty as a q post . how ’ s hillary ’ s incarnation coming along ?
your submission ` billionaire bernie marcus to donate majority of fortune , support trump for reelection ` was automatically removed because ` canadafreepress.com ` is not on our approved source whitelist . r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source . domains must : be notable , as defined by our domain notability guidelines . notable domains will consist of news organizations , research organizations , political advocacy groups , governmental agencies / bodies , and political parties . contain articles , videos or soundclips relevant to current us politics contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source . be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey . if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist , please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us . however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form , we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account . if you submit a spam domain via the form , your account may be reported to the site administrators . to submit a domain for approval use this form and follow the instructions provided i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
yet again , the appeal to the mob . classic ignorance . “ we say 2+2=5 , therefore you ’ re wrong ! ”
he then goes on to defend it ... so , um ... . yeah .
this guy has no fucking idea what goes on in north korean camps ...
i know how you feel ivanka i went to a party with a basic four year degree and i was surrounded by mit grads .
i do n't think i 've ever even met someone from delaware
“ illegal citizens ” is an oxymoron . let the adults talk .
bernie is a threat to business as usual and to them , hence the anybody but bernie/stop sanders dems .
i agree my friend , violence is not the answer but i 'm appalled at the fact that there is n't a 150 million people march in front of the white house today , yesterday , and the day kashoggi was murdered , and the day he said on tv that he would take info from russia , or the day he said he would like to be appointed for life , or the day he said he prefers russian intelligence to the fbi or the day ... well , you get my point . i 'm very sad to say that 2020 will be won by trump .
the base does matter . they must be kept in a constant state of agitation in order to ensure their fealty . the rumors about biden 's health and the birtherism hogwash with harris are talking points the propagandists have fed the base specifically to keep the base worked up and to be regurgitated on social media . the base is the propagandists ' primary audience . it 's just a subsidiary bonus if biden and harris ' democratic enemies repeat the right 's propaganda .
yea for nations it absolutely is . have you been paying no attention ? america has regularly done those activities . have we forgotten the native americans ? have we forgotten african american slavery ? have we forgotten japanese american concentration/internment camps ? `` but evilsporkofdeath , those were all in the past '' . have we forgotten guantanamo and abu gharib ?
that 's precisely the argument you made , as that 's what north korea does .
first , realize that every candidate has their supporters calling them , or their candidates shitheads sets the wrong tone . even if you had a thoughtful message to give , an opening like that shuts off any ability to persuade anyone of anything . you 've already demonstrated unwarranted hostility . next , you bring up the police issue in a way that is dismissive and defensive . it 's not a good look . you end your comment with saying you 're pissed and imply that only buttigieg can save us from trump but you 've provided no argument why that would be true . i thought pete did fine in the debate . it was the first time i saw him speak . it did n't knock my socks off nor did it alienate me . i 'm curious to learn more about him , but your post did n't provide me with anything that would make me want to consider him more strongly .
you know they went after king when he spoke out on vietnam ...
came to say same : washington examiner is a fucking rag ... wouldn ’ t wrap my fish in it .
removed
is he wrong ? any country leaders you can name that has not either directly or indirectly killed someone ?
i see it ! nailed it
name the names of people who are proven to have committed violence that were n't prosecuted . oh right , you ca n't because they wear masks . and it 's not viable to send a few cops into a huge mob of armed people . you republicans know that , since meanwhile the oregon gop party is on the run from law and are threatening to kill any cops that are sent to bring them in .
removed
`` on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . '' what is he saying here please explain what he meant with this statement .
removed
the timeframe must include the market expectation , which is november 2016 . if you think .4 % isn ’ t a change , then you shouldn ’ t try to interpret economic data . yeah , if you want a better metric use total shareholder return or gdp . either way , both measures show tax cut was tremendous success . the next step is to reduce middle income taxes and substitute higher sales taxes for a lower income tax
slow day at the office perhaps . media needs content . north korea is a hot topic rn and they will milk as much as content as they can , ratings . and its a defense on trump then it is a defence on north korea . defending trump is fox news 101. secondly , he had to clarify because left wing outlets will obviously take his words out of context in their headlines regardless such as this post . at least now people who read the article can see what he actually meant . its like me saying “ linkin park is bad but its not as trash as nickleback ” . clearly not a “ go listen to nickleback ’ s new album ” endorsement . edit : its clearly not a “ go listen to linkin park ’ s new album because it is good ” statement too .
deleted
simply name a country where you can ’ t be arrested for opining .
soaking the poor is so christ like . /s
hey that article has a good idea , about requiring imported products to have environmental disclosures . what 's your take on that ?
but then he proceeds to defend them like the soulless hypocrite he is
you make an omelette , you got ta break a few warcrime laws .
was n't defending the leadership of north korea , he was defending trying to work with them . purposely misunderstanding or just blinded by hate ?
deleted
definitely the part of the establishment that oppresses minorities .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm saving this article for a coup de grâce the next time someone tries to argue that we do n't currently live in a capitalist hellworld .
simple . stick to policy . make him look like the fool he is when he goes personal get back to policy . laugh off the gotcha questions and move on do n't even entertain him or his stupidity
and i bet that these workers will not vote for the candidate that advocates a version of single payer health care .
yes
it 's chapter 1 in the prosperity doctrine being peddled by modern evangelicals .
but basically what your uncle is saying that you have no 'right ' to affordable medical care , because the reality of our situation is that the majority of our citizens can 'access ' medical care but can not afford it . the fact that they ca n't afford it leads to deaths and other major problems in our system , costs us more money as a whole , and is n't a great system because it burdens people with the choice of living in financial debt or dying . that 's not a choice anyone 'can ' make , especially in our society where being homeless is equally difficult and there are no good safety nets especially with trump and his ilk in office . when the choice is 'would you rather live , or die ? ' people are always going to choose live , even if the 'cost ' is literally cutting off their own arm . so as a counterargument ; how much actual choice do we have as a people to find and access reasonable and affordable healthcare ? because it 's pretty sad that someone in old western times was more capable of scrounging together the money to visit the local country doctor in town than i am to go to a doctor today when we 've literally put multiple people on the moon for shits and giggles . our prioritization skill as a species is terrible .
why is she even there ? common donald ! leave your kids at home ... .all of them
removed
the bernie crowd does more harm to the democratic party than the republicans . here on reddit some of them want the democrats to leave party . see how many elections they win without the centrists .
it ’ s true , they want attention . but ignoring them isn ’ t good either . nazis were largely ignored at first .
i think it 's important to get them all on the same stage before we read too much into polls . that 's not to say that harris is n't a strong candidate , just that it 's possible we are merely seeing biden hemorrhaging support to the person who spanked him at his first debate and not people who actually know or support harris ' platform . time will tell . i think harris has the right people behind her to be a top three finisher , and she does n't make stupid mistakes which keeps her from floundering . not sure if that is enough to put her over the top though .
not really . well , yeah . but most of them are before gen z , , or at least the super liberal ones are
blanche devereaux 2020 “ girlfriend you are so on ”
if you say `` there 's no defending it '' and then go on to say something that defends it , you 're still defending it . saying `` on the other hand '' is defending it , implying that killing people is necessary to lead a country is defending it . saying that allied countries commit atrocities as well is defending it .
& gt ; do n't worry , frightened ones . oh thank you condescending one . & gt ; noone is coming for your preciouses any time soon . except the entire democratic party as evidenced by their repeated calls for bans and `` buybacks '' of things the government has never owned but i guess that means you think they are a bunch of no ones . & gt ; however , once drone policing has been perfected you 're fucked . yeah that 's right on the horizon ... and how that relates to this makes no sense . you realize that a large chunk of sport shooters specifically shoot at moving targets kind of like ... drones ... or do you think the local pd will be using predator drones ?
aoc just keeps slaying it ! ! ! ! i love her .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
removed
now do cuba ? or venezuela ? or iran ?
so much for the tolerant jacobins ! ! !
& gt ; '' it is not good enough to talk about great ideas , ” sanders said . “ they 're important , we need a blueprint for the future , but nothing happens unless people look around them and say , ‘ you know what ? the status quo is n't working . it 's not just , it 's not right , it 's not fair , ' ” he said .
& gt ; convenient way to divide the working class this seems like the biggest part of it to me ... angry people need enemies . if they are allowed to see the real enemies as the ruling class then it will endanger the ruling class . fortunately , between the slaughter of the native americans , all the `` trouble '' that slaves caused by not wanting to be slaves , civil war , civil disobedience etc . etc . , the growing hispanic population on both sides of the southern border , and the constant general influx of people into america from all other corners of the globe , nonwhite people make a great boogeyman .
removed
his parents also refused to allow for a detailed autopsy . seems awfully convenient given the narrative they 'd been pushing .
it was only a matter of time before state media started attempting to normalize this shit . leading a nation should never mean killing people ; in fact it should be moving the world towards a brighter future for the governed
& gt ; a more responsible headline aimed at informing listeners would say ” tucker carlson defends north korea and human rights abuses “ ftfy
disingenous comment is disingenuous .
i would n't take the moustache anywhere , except to a rodeo where i could watch him try to throw people off him within 8 seconds
someone missed the 2016 debates .
explain clinton getting seats on company ’ s board of directors please .
that 's counter to what they consider themselves , which is just as valid as your consideration . you get that , do n't you , ethnic selfidentity , which includes culture ?
removed
celebrate which policies ? the ones that are bankrupting farmers , or the ones that are hurting the middle class ? or the ones transferring over a trillion dollars from the treasury to the pockets of private corporations and their owners ? or maybe the ones that are honoring the constitutional role of congress and the justice department ? no wait , maybe the ones that honor the words written on lady liberty ’ s tablet ? gee , so many winners .
enough with the ad hominems . it doesn ’ t help your cause .
strongly agree . i work in the defense industry and what normal people have to endure in terms of reporting , clearance processing times and certain lifestyle restrictions can be immense . then you have two dolts that get their security clearance i believe jared had a ts for a while despite clear foreign connections that were not reported just because of her father . then again , there was been a twotier system in clearances for a long time and i 'm not talking about the priority personnel like highlevel officials . take a look at how manning was treated for the leak vs petraeus for an example .
“ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr carlson added “ but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with. ” “ i ’ m not a relativist or anything but it ’ s important to be honest about that. ” “ it ’ s not necessarily a choice between the evil people and the brave people , ” mr carlson said . “ it ’ s a choice , most of the time , between the bad people and the worse people. ” the presenter praised mr trump , who he said was “ far less sentimental about this stuff and maybe i think..more realistic about it . he 's basically saying `` im not defending them '' then goes onto defend them he then claims he 's not a relativist , while comparing north korea to our allies he then says its not about good vs bad but bad vs worse all the while talking about north korea if thats not defending them while claiming to not be defending them then what is ? whos worse than north korea ? what other allies of ours have committed such great atrocities that this guy seemingly gives a pass to north korea because of it ? what a joke
fascism , concentration camps , it ’ s all good in america as long as it ’ s not socialism .
committing crimes against humanity is good actually
removed
deleted
when biden is in a controlled environment like say , a speech as vice president , he is charismatic . but put him on a debate stage full of people just as smart as him and he flounders like a fish out of water .
i always wonder , was it always there or did they just fall for propaganda ?
kind of like cnn at the raid of roger stone or whoever it was
your typical reddit statist is n't going to like or understand that . wasting your breath .
bag lady
there 's a difference between most countries kill people and you must kill people to lead a country .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
what are you saying `` illegal citizens '' ?
no , trump does n't not want to run against biden . biden is way more likely to pull in votes from undecided moderates . trump has his base , solid ! progressives will never ever vote trump . but the people who do n't pay attention ? they are way more likely to vote biden . he 's terrified of biden . but man , biden is crap at campaigning .
i always thought he looked like crazy charlie from sunny .
removed
no , for the sake of the us we should fix our broken political system but do n't look at the dems or the gop to do that
i never said we shouldn ’ t have impeachment hearings , did i ?
it 's not that bad , but i do n't like his policies or his jokes . he sucks and would not be a strong candidate . if you want a trump victory discourage your base and nominate biden . if you are banking on conservative never trump people and moderates to hand you a w your gon na lose . this is why trump is actively encouraging biden being the front runner .
meghan mccain begs to differ .
logic is one of the rules of the universe .
it ’ s fascinating to watch fox news hosts perform the tight rope act of being state tv for an administration like this while still keeping advertisers . i ’ ll be surprised if they don ’ t lose some more after this ludicrous comment .
doublethink .
& gt ; large amounts into savings is slowing it 's velocity . reserve ratio is gon na be a small percentage of an already small percentage of how hnis allocate their wealth . & gt ; the ultra wealthy have so much money they do n't even know what to spend correct , which is why they invest it into the market so people who need the money and know how to efficiently use it can spend it . this is basic economic theory . they do n't just bathe in the vault . & gt ; who make only 12k a year full time alabama i never said wealth inequality was not an issue , i only said there are many other factors you have to look at besides velocity of money . & gt ; decent income equality across the class is essential for a thriving country and the `` hoarding '' comes from money being diverted from the working class first part true . key word : decent . hoarding is not a thing . economic inequality is a thing , and it has real societal and economic impacts . & gt ; 10+mill a year and literally do n't know what to do with it . again , false . if this was the case you would n't see anybody above 10mil net worth if that was your arbitrary `` too much money to think '' cutoff . & gt ; you really ca n't be that dense to think income inequality means shit , never said that . & gt ; are you an ancap never said that . & gt ; where economics and political theory means shit ? theory is important ; real world data and results are also very important . i thought we were having a pretty civil discussion and i really have no idea why you are trying to attack me as a person . i have no interest in throwing worthless insults and do n't bother responding to me if that is your intent .
whataboutism . anything else you 'd like to share ?
e.j . dionne is one of the wise men of dc . here hit really gets to the heart of the matter .
i know that . you should think more critically when it comes to the news . also pretty dangerous how fast and upvoted this fake news story is..
that 's not an argument . trying giving a reason why he 's wrong .
& gt ; oh ... that actually ... makes sense ? what ? he is literally saying `` nk are bad , but hold on a sec , leading a country means killing people and some of our best friends commit atrocities . '' if that makes sense to you ... well i found you at the bottom for a reason i guess . let 's hope you are the minority because it 's not a large step from that to actual genocide . you know , like fucking north korea .
could happen . every empire in history has fallen and putin is in our grid now . doesn ’ t matter that we ’ re in russia ’ s also . putin won ’ t care if his people die . trump thinks he ’ s playing a stupid board game and everyone has to worry about a giant baby in charge of world events .
group conveniently ignores fact that republicans initially funded that dossier .
said i would go out in a trumpcentration camp .
removed
err ... she looks and acts like a woman . if mayor pete buttigieg had said the same thing , would you call him baby boy ?
‘ ‘ tis true
they 're using sarcasm to dismiss valid concerns .
and the context of that statement was in this thread specifically addressing a proposal to effectively confiscate a majority of privately owned weapons .
what the f are they going to complain about when clinton is dead ?
that 's also not what the poll he linked said . that poll posed the question `` what is the most important issue to you facing the country '' or something to that effect . 1 % had gun control as their top factor . does n't mean they do n't care about it , just that there are other things higher on their list . which , yeah , no shit .
removed
the dingleberry does n't fall far from the arsehole .
& gt ; actually , kim jongun ’ s rule has improved the lives of the people of north korea . famine has been reduced significantly and malnutrition levels have dropped a great amount . citation needed you do realise that north korea still operates 3 generation punishment camps ? if your kid committed a crime then they , you and your parents would all be punished for it . but hey , keep licking those boots
you ca n't have impeachment hearings , without declaring impeachment . the thing you argued there is no reason to do .
removed
one can wish
deleted
they are rivals , just not enemies . you can have a rival who is a close friend . rivalry doesn ’ t presuppose animosity .
that 's supplemental . the issue is banning duplicative private coverage .
lmao trump supporters are truly the dumbest people on the face of this planet
i mean , i guess they did n't throw her but she did have some kind of problem .
pbs frontline mueller report source : below in the comments
putting aside the tongue in cheek assholery , if you don ’ t think the united states is one of the most naturally blessed and lucky nations on the planet , then you haven ’ t even read your own proof . luck including : being the only major power on the entire hemisphere assisted by one of the most powerful nations in the world during its revolution was separated by the second largest ocean from every major european conflict , which let it emerge unscathed from every world war while other nations rebuilt was founded on one of the most diverse areas on the planet , ranging from desert to arctic tundra , with abundant coal , iron , oil , etc to draw from among other reasons . considering i ’ m studying to become an apush teacher , this isn ’ t a good argument to pick .
great , let 's impeach president clinton then .
despise the godless emperor and every cruel despot and tyrant , they are a type of mental and moral sickness . if my comment is considered ' over the top ' so is deliberately separating families and willfully forcing children to live under inhumane conditions . i personally do n't put any utterly vicious and cruel 'idea ' beyond the completely amoral and inhuman godless emperor who openly ' admires ' and repeatedly praises murderous monsters like joseph stalin , pol pot , idi amin , sadass insane , col quacky , the list of his ' heroes ' goes on and on ...
being friends with paris hilton and selling purses nobody cares about isn ’ t a qualification to be anything , let alone a diplomat .
i wonder who carlson thinks trump should be killing here in the us ?
in many cases first responders are going into nearly irrecoverable debt to pay for their healthcare , for injuries sustained in service to our country . i think we have a fundamental difference in perspective . i accept that the us government is n't directly responsible for these injuries . at the same time i believe we have a moral obligation to take care of those who risk their lives for ours .
experience representing a large organization , brokering deals/partnerships , public speaking including politic engagements with organizations as big as the rnc , and general immersion in the world of finance/business/politics . unlike the other trump children , ivanka is actually quite intelligent , and is responsible for him as much as the other way around .
simple . there are a lot of people upset with 2016 and blame him . they do n't actually dislike anything he stands for .
& gt ; he ’ s not defending them . except he is , but hey somebody has to agree with his vile shit i guess .
so trying to stop the coyotes is making it worse ? gosh so if we let the coyotes have their way then border crossings will go down ? trump is doing all he can to discourage these border crossings and if there is a delay that the coyotes are exploiting to extort more migrants , then those who are causing the delay are responsible , namely those in congress who are n't fully funding border security and a wall . asylum seekers do n't march thousands of miles to seek asylum in a country that puts them in concentration camps . border crossings always increase when the us job market is hot .
no . kamala harris never lived in oakland . she was born in a hospital in oakland but lived in berkeley . she pretends to be `` from oakland '' for street cred .
i see state media is now ramping up efforts to normalize human atrocities . this all sounds so familiar . i seem to recall a charismatic german leader doing the same thing back in the 1930 's . i heard that did n't end well , but maybe he was just doing it wrong or something . /s
would you characterize the refugee detention camps as `` concentration camps '' ?
deleted
prove it
actual quote : “ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , which is a monstrous regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world . it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . not on the scale the north koreans do but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with . i ’ m not a relativist or anything but it ’ s important to be honest about that . in the end what maters is what ’ s good for the united states and you deal with bad people a lot of the time in order to help your own country . ”
are you angry that the neo nazi who killed someone last year got life in prison ?
being ok with a murderous dictator being a murderous dictator because your demigod is ok with him has nothing to do with liberal propaganda you say out of touch with reality unironically
great . so tuckers first statement = negative about nk . second statement = neutral about nk ... as it was about governments in general .
clinton for 10 more years . then ... i dunno , warren or aoc ?
this logic is all over the map
as oppose to what , no doctors at all ? it 's literally free healthcare for undocumented immigrants that the left want so much . it 's like getting upset of the quality of lawyer that the court issues out if the defendant ca n't pay for their own .
i do n't think there is any chance of a 'truce ' ; a few weeks ago china officially went into offense mode and the only way to end this is trump 's 'surrendering ' ie dropping all new american tariffs , since trump started this , without precondition . these talks are just diplomatic fluff . the problem is . i am not sure that the trump white house inner circle knows this ... i mean , ordinarily yes , of course . but since all the people who actually know what is going on with chinese policy have been sidelined ; i honestly do not know
people with an oversized primordial reptilian brain watch fox news on a regular basis , i ’ m not sure they have much of a frontal lobe .
oh hell no .
agreed . his core supporters are n't benefitting , they are losing things like ... their health insurance .
the level of shame they willingly toss aside is astonishing . i fucking hate all of it . i do n't even want to know . i absolutely do n't give a shit about this entire embarrassing shit show . i do n't want to hear anything about it until it 's gone away and we can get back to hating politics the way we 're supposed to hate it . there 's got to be some kind of filter i can use to banish trump from my life .
you missed the part where he says north korea is especially bad about killing people . you know . the opposite of “ ain ’ t so bad ”
the japanese are ridiculously racist . i find it amusing that you cite them . they also have a worse culture of workaholics which is linked to their extremely high suicide rate .
speaking of breaking campaign funding laws , i know some republicans in jail for it right now .
deleted
just listened . glad she gets it that this is all about being antibernie . i might check her out again , but kinda disappointing if she let rt sway her politics . maybe that 's not exactly what happened . who knows . i love how rogan casually equates `` promuslim '' with support for `` sharia law '' around 1:15 before he mentions `` lbgtq sic rights '' lol . always got ta drop those nuggets of intolerance .
lol i ’ d just like to point out the irony that hitlers supporters said the exact same thing . now we ’ ve also got concentration camps in america . history is definitely repeating itself
removed
citation provided and another , because ice has been out of control for years & gt ; one of the department of homeland security 's most notorious citizenship identification errors occurred when the agency detained and deported a fouryearold girl to guatemala back in 2011 . officials apprehended the girl when she arrived in virginia 's dulles international airport after visiting relatives in guatemala , and they detained her for 20 hours , refusing to release her to her parents in the us . and it 's not just naturalized citizens & gt ; other deportation controversies span many years , such as the ongoing case of roberto dominguez , who was removed to the dominican republic for a decade and who is still fighting to prove his citizenship . dominguez was born in lawrence , massachusetts , but immigration officials detained him in 1999 and encouraged him to say he was born abroad for a quicker release from detention , according to a lawsuit he filed against the department of state . officials then deported him to the dominican republic , where he remained until an attorney successfully helped him apply for a us passport in 2009 .
trump really is emboldening certain people to reveal their true colours . i choose to see this as a good thing , for they will no longer be able to lurk in the shadows following a moral correction in the post trump world .
who , in america , is murdered for not following the american version of juche ?
& gt ; linkin park is bad but its not as trash as nickleback that would be a comparative defense of linkin park . it ’ s no glowing compliment , but it ’ s still intended to defend them by implying that one could have comparatively worse musical tastes . tucker ’ s primary motivation is no doubt to defend trump . but in doing so he ’ s still comparatively defending kju so he can justify why trump is expending so much energy trying to flatter him .
yeah that 's how i meant it . i 've always opposed trump . but diplomacy with the dprk is infinitely better than hostility .
i thought i had seen it spelled `` lede '' but my spellcheck said that 's not correct . either way , thanks
deleted
carlson , ingraham , hannity they know their baseaudience . they don ’ t have to care anymore . they can make it either 2 , or 6 more years .
removed
removed
so hilariously ridiculous .
& gt ; cute list . i bet everyone thinks you 're like really smart . nice to go straight to personal attacks because you do n't have any point to make . & gt ; it 's called a buyback . mandatory buyback is fine with me . of course it is . because /r/nowttyg
the infamous washington examiner what a great news source .
but isn ’ t that all staff positions in the white house ? none of them are elected . i feel like the two scenarios aren ’ t comparable
here is the correct reply . the masculinity contest in here is laughable .
clinton .
not really . both are putting themselves in a situation where you are able to be physically hurt with no way of fight back legally . when journalists go to dangerous places to report on dangerous things they tend to do there research and act accordingly , aka bring protection/guards . this dude was just some naive wannabe journalist who got braindamaged because he was too stupid to use his brain in the first place .
there is a reason we have nepotism laws . republicans please defend trump 's use of his daughter and son in law in such prestigious positions , especially in the light of they are so incredibly unqualified .
removed
no real way for the supine court to come out on top here . but seriously , the court can just turn around and toss this funding move by the governor , unless he 's allowed to do things like this .
removed
& gt ; all these pearl clutching outrage specialists this government is a dumpster fire , and those outrage specialists are literally the majority of , um , everybody . including this country , held hostage by criminals . i know i had a bag of dicks around here somewhere ... forget it .
deleted
i know of a president involved in a conspiracy to break campaign finance laws , and his lawyer is serving prison time for it !
we may be moving into a world where automation takes over a large swathe of menial jobs . that does n't mean there wo n't still be work for people to do , or way a for them to expend their labour to the benefit of the wider community or even contributing to their immediate community like their family
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
again it is amazing this is n't a given .
it 's not really a talking point . obama did n't separate children from thier families . he temporarily detained unaccompanied minord and relatively quickly found places for them . that is fundamentally different from the trump administration use of detention centers purely to punish asylum seekers in order to deter them .
`` “ it ’ s a choice , most of the time , between the bad people and the worse people. ” '' and apparently in this context there are worse people than north fucking korea
removed
she 's a us representative . it 's her job to focus on anything having to do with the federal government .
the poll actually shows warren tied with harris for third place at 12 % , though harris is listed first . warren ticked down from 13 % to 12 % . not sure whether that ’ s alphabetic , or because harris is a fraction of a point higher . also , combining the fact that warren was the only major candidate on night one with the fact that night one ’ s news cycle was inherently going to last no more than 1218 hours means warren was effectively doublescrewed , despite having a pretty good debate performance . when the dnc realized that there would be only one of the top five candidates in one of the debates , they should ’ ve at least made that debate the night # 2 debate .
“ would anyone care to host one of my jewelry parties ? they ’ re all the rage in manhattan . and you get a free piece of jewelry for hosting . oh please think about it and say ‘ yes ’ ! ”
i am quite aware of history , thank you .
oh . the power of attorney is a good example . i like that .
well , tucker could n't let fox news seem level headed , after shep call out the president twice . he had to bring the crazy back .
huh , i thought this was paraphrased or something , but welp , he really says it . i wonder what he said about iran when trump got out of iran deal .
removed
removed
i do n't know ... what did he say back then ? because if he 's like every other major journalist then he 's just towing the company line . rachel maddow was practically shaking pompoms every time obama droned somebody , and their friends . if trump does the same thing ? bit of a different response and i bet tucker would be the same way .
but obama put conservatives in fema camps , remember ? /s
this does not matter . he is literally making the `` bad types of killing '' murkier by including close allies to divide us further as mr. trump sure has . it 's just dumb you do n't see this honestly . he defends them inside the qoute because our allies `` kill too ''
all this is making me want to vote based on whoever will take the strongest stance against this all this rubbish .
i 'm sorry but aoc would have gotten so embarrassed at the g20 . activates flame suit
drone strikes are better than war . no president is walking away clean handed after their term .
he is pointing out a general truth that as a leader of a country , sometimes your decisions end up with dead enemies and sometimes civilians . which sucks . nk does it to its own citizens which is certainly worse .
then stop stereotyping and take things by a case by case basis
they are zealots just the same . i 'm antinazi too but i 'm no zealot .
based on your above comment , socialism is when you support american citizens getting droned to death without due process .
what is a submachine gun ?
thanks for the reminder ... .damn that was fucked up .
you do n't seem to understand my argument , because you keep stressing it over & amp ; over in your posts . i make is simple for you : both are very awful people who should not be in their current positions of power . you think one is slightly better than the other . that does not make any difference . our president is still a traitor . everyone in his administration is either incompetent or hates democracy or both . there will never be a time for any american to feel relief until he is completely removed from power .
i hope he does n't become vp either , tbh .
it 's technically true . any `` great '' person or american president has blood on their hands . hillary clinton as sec state personally authorized drone strikes . however , it 's an issue of scale and size . he 's using this to defend nk 's prison and murder complexes which are orders of magnitude bigger than anything our allies do .
deleted
lol the first thing he said “ the north korea régimen is horrible and indefensible but we should say ... . ” title = tucker defends north korea . stupid ass fake news
he just went to the top of most news outlets resume list . he 'll be ok .
removed
thats alot of people per month . i didnt know it was so many . is that over the whole border ? .
and you ?
the respondents could have checked multiple issues . there were 100 respondents but 127 votes . anyways , my point is that the democrats have more to lose by supporting gun control than by opposing it . they aren ’ t gon na lose voters if they don ’ t push gun control .
& gt ; second statement = neutral about nk ... as it was about governments in general . but actually still negative about nk as tucker explains that nk is much worse than other governments on this matter . people just like getting worked up over whatever tucker says
i kinda feel you . the tipping point should 've happened already . i understand we our spaced out as a country , but this shit is wild . i protest in nyc because i live nearby , however a trip to dc would be more loud . i have the ability to ask for time off , and will . a lot of people do n't have that luxury .
deleted
does anyone have a transcript of what she ’ s saying ? all i can understand is the awkward , unconfident body language .
stupid policy . he would lose badly in new england and other rural regions with that kind of proposal .
absolutely . the republicans ' conviction they are perpetual victims is the institutional glue which binds them to the party and the best receptor for the propaganda which keeps the base in the constant state of agitation required to ensure their fealty . it 's the best grift there is .
where can i find the exact math that this will work out ? what exactly is .5 percent taxing ? what bonds are being taxed ? municipal ? corporate ?
all these antiamerican traitors . fucking disgusting
then why did obama run them for 8 years straight ?
dude in the thumbnail needs fiber .
it 's hard to focus on the people who are standing against this . they 're out there too , we 're out there too . i do n't want to be overly dramatic , but trump is so disgusting that i totally fail to comprehend how he gets 10 % approval , nonetheless 42 % . i am surrounded by these people in ohio . and they 're loud and proud about it , like it 's a badge of honor . it honestly fucks with my mind in a very negative way . i ca n't see these people the same again , ever .
the economy is right where it was with obama ... .
removed
but two years after he was supposed to be released , larsen remains behind bars while the california attorney general appeals the decision . the state 's main argument : he did not file his legal paperwork seeking release on time . california atty . gen.kamala d. harris , whose office maintains that evidence still points to larsen 's guilt , accuses him and his attorneys of filing a petition seeking his release more than six years after he was legally required to do so . prosecutors question whether the judges had the authority to hear larsen 's petition for release .
removed
no i 'm not . if they want the full quotes , they can read the article as they should have done in the first place . i did n't try to hide in any way that my quotes were truncated . my post was only to point out the obvious parts of those quotes that make the headline complete and utter bullshit , which it is .
i 'm kind of old so i do n't understand the `` 7.5g , '' etc , tbh . in my day , we went mushroom hunting in cow pastures and came back with hefty bags full of them . it was a spiritual experience that was also fucked up funny . i 'd probably do them one more time , just for funsies . but , as for people suffering from depression mine is situational and rare , i 'd like to look more into that .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
it does not look like the house and pelosi has done much because mcconnell just sits on everything the house sends to the senate .
& gt ; wtactualf does he mean ? he means that he is comfortable murdering the president 's political opponents .
i do n't think of this as anyting deeper than a rationalization to justify talking to nk .
& gt ; student loans is the second highest class of debt to that of home mortgages greater than $ 9t . unless it was a plan that aimed at compensating households that need the help paying off their mortgages in particular , the plan would be unrealistic in my eyes . & gt ; & gt ; also student loans are often a major factor when considering purchasing a home . not paying on time can also give you bad credit and get your loan application denied that really does n't answer why forgiving student loans is better than forgiving home loans , auto loans or even payday loans.. student loans is behind home loans , so why not do home loans ? that would have a greater impact on the economy.. if that 's too expensive , then why would n't it be too expensive to pay for student loans ? why not go with something smaller ? and to your second point , not paying any loan or any bill in general will give you bad credit , so i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say there .
every politician has poor choices in their past . the goddamned crime bill that passed during president clinton 's term slimed just about everyone that was in office in the 90 's . but , were they unforgivable poor decisions ? harris was tough as a prosecutor . she also pushed measures that tried to bring police and the community together . i see things in her past like everyone that needs to be discussed , but nothing critical .
removed
removed
removed
so we should just give up and go full genocide on whomever . cool , makes sense . great . fucking . logic .
what happened ? ... this is the next day , so much unlike yesterday .
thank you .
`` leading a country means killing people '' ? ! oh jeez
removed
`` it 's a disgusting place . there 's no defending it . on the other hand , i defend it . ''
if aoc is a clown to you then trump definitely is . clown = dumb . maybe the term `` clown '' is n't specific enough ?
love it ! would be a single issue voter on this , if trump had n't created a dozen other fires that need to be put out .
provide backup data for your opinion please .
flat tax . no exemptions . no joint filing . no deductions . not even for corporations . after that exists , create programs that give back to low income . also , federal sales tax on luxury goods . exempt nonalcohol items in grocery stores . but a 10 % sales tax on tvs , go for it .
& gt ; as it was about governments in general . no it was n't . & gt ; so tuckers first statement = negative about nk . & gt ; second statement = neutral about nk yes , the problem is exactly that . he was neutral about nk killing their own people . that 's not something to be neutral about , that 's the entire problem . to me , presenting something as negative as that as neutral , qualifies as defending it for sure .
tucker carlson only laughs in self defense .
completely agree . i ’ m a bernie supporter but you guys don ’ t need to give up on warren lol , unless you come vote for bernie . but seriously , she is a great candidate and she would make an amazing president and even if she doesn ’ t become president her ideas will have a significant impact on the field . don ’ t give up on warren and don ’ t give up on pushing the party left . the debates are going to have a much different dynamic when it shifts from 20 to 6 people .
deleted
deleted
thanks . it ’ s still eyebrow raising
so what was his point if not minimizing kju ? what was the point ?
i just responded to another post , saying something similarly to agreeing with exactly what you said . he had the same issue in the first debate with ted cruz last year , but he knuckled down in the 2nd one and opened up a lot more ; wasn ’ t as stiff , rehearsed , and gave cruz the business . of course , he apologized in the days afterwards , saying that ’ s just not the type of approach he wants to go with . he ’ s got at least a point he constantly advertises himself and actually does it as someone who doesn ’ t like the nastiness of politics . sadly for him , it ’ s genuine and not an act . or , thankfully ; i can ’ t tell which is worse . i think it was inevitable that he wouldn ’ t be in attack mode in debate one , because he isn ’ t the type to attack anyone personally . but i think once provoked , he ’ s worked way too hard to let what castro said/did go . and that ’ s why he really hasn ’ t said much about it , other than to clarify his point and not say anything negative about castro publicly but i bet castro did o ’ rourke a huge favor by giving him something to focus on and improve for the 2nd debates .
if only there was just an unbiased news source that told us the facts and let us make our own decisions vs telling us what they want us to think..
til thanks ! looked deeper into it because if this has been federal law since 1996 there are some very red states that do n't enforce it , in my experience wy & amp ; ut . is it the nics system that 's failing ? `` the lautenberg amendment the lautenberg amendment prohibits people convicted of certain domestic violence crimes from buying or owning guns . the federal prohibition that applies to domestic violence misdemeanants was adopted in 1996 and is commonly known as the “ lautenberg amendment ” after its sponsor , the late frank lautenberg dnj . it defines a “ misdemeanor crime of domestic violence ” as an offense that is a federal , state , or tribal law misdemeanor and has the use or attempted use of physical force or threatened use of a deadly weapon as an element.21 in addition , the offender must fit one of the following criteria : be a current or former spouse , parent , or guardian of the victim . share a child in common with the victim . be a current or former cohabitant with the victim as a spouse , parent , or guardian . be similarly situated to a spouse , parent , or guardian of the victim . '' edit : maybe the issue is that this law does n't remove guns from the convicted or leaves loopholes like handing them to family .
removed
& gt ; you think one is slightly better than the other . & gt ; & gt ; that does not make any difference . except one literally advocates for a nuclear first strike and the other advocates for nonintervention . one is much better than the other . what the fuck are you talking about lmfao ? & amp ; # x200b ; & gt ; our president is still a traitor . everyone in his administration is either incompetent or hates democracy or both . there will never be a time for any american to feel relief until he is completely removed from power . completely irrelevant but thanks for the reminder . & amp ; # x200b ; edit : i do n't think you understand just how fucking evil bolton is .
removed
yeah , that 's just a lame dodge . you 're cornered , and you know that answering my question hurts your argument . we both know that our population consists of vastly more college educated people , former military soldiers , and former military officers who are trained to know the strategies and tactics of our military . our populace would put up a much greater fight than the afghans , even if we had the same iqs . the iq difference just illustrates it even more so .
not sure but it 's not what i 'm saying , but he 's not doing himself any favors when he opens his mouth . primaries are too long for him to survive in my opinion though .
& gt ; the left elected a far left president and forced their liberal agenda uh , obama was popular among a wide swath of people , and i ’ d hardly say he “ forced a liberal agenda ” on the country . that ’ s just revisionist history to justify the current gop ’ s partyovercountry policy . he was reelected with strong numbers and his popularity remains strong . i ’ d hardly say people feel like he “ forced ” things on them . the big criticism of biden is that he keeps saying he can work with the gop and everyone says he ’ s too soft on them and doesn ’ t criticize them enough . oh , i guess but also he and obama were far left and forced their left wing ideas on our country ! ! ! yeah , right .
because unfortunately people believed 45 's bullshit and thinks that facts are `` fake news ''
as are most attacks on kamala . ‘ she ’ s a cop ’ is going to be a stupid attack . we need someone to prosecute the criminal trump administration
powerful cartoon .
& gt ; i 'm obviously against the improper treatment of children in those facilities , but ... you guys make excuses for everything .
“ i ’ m not racist , but ... ”
removed
we can save 2020 , but its going to have to be crazy but doable . we need record turnout , and we need the house to press hard . i think its the plan . we are 495 days from the election . if they release it all now it could very easily be deflected by things like a war or executive power . if they wait until a nominee for the democrats are selected to really start dropping hammers , its more advantegouss . that much economic hardship from uncertainty and geopolitical risks and social unrest from the 70 % of society and outskirt 5 % of the 30 % who are antigrowth may be enough to push nonvoters to the voting booth . our biggest fear should be election hacking and election rigging especially with today 's case on gerrymandering with the supreme court .
is it nonfactual ?
you want babies in concentration camps and supplication to dictators .
it means war on occasion to defend your country 's interests or more often , its corporations interests , look up `` united fruit '' .
well , good thing i 'm not a `` trump supporter '' then , i guess ?
no one can prevent you from liking one group of people more than another group of people.. however , it 's literally the law that you ca n't turn a qualified renter away based on their race . it 's the law .
they were actually modeled after the bush 's , but the trump 's somehow turned parody into reality
so i guess the house wo n't legislate or provide oversight.. because mitch says so.. wow you sure do understand how government works ! ! ! the house might as well pack up and go home until mcturtle decides he wants to pass something.. right ? ? ? ? ? ?
compromise is the politically correct way of saying they both have the same donors . for every aoc , there 's like 5 future lobbyists or news contributors willing to sell the american constituent for the money .
i think the left would rather just lob missiles , than try to get some kind of a dialogue . is everyone on the left just filled with hate ? it sure seems that way .
republican senator marco rubio hired fusion gps to dig up dirt on trump .
yeah , i forgot to mention that the statement after `` on the other hand '' can also be neutral about the topic , instead of straight out positive . i 'll edit my comment so it makes more sense .
& gt ; i never seen so many stupid people in one big family . same could be said about the clintons
so because the u.s. did it to other people 30 years ago , north korea can do it to their own people and thresten to nuke our friends today . got it . thanks tucker . 🙄
& gt ; muh truth ! muh facts ! muh reality ! we have no need for such things here .
killing people makes sense ?
there were quite a few articles written about it while it was going on 2012/2016 ..and of course you have biden ’ s campaigning form obama vs. bill clinton ’ s campaigning for obama..and see the huge difference . strangely , bill was always considerably better at campaigning for obama than he was for hillary .
laughing stock
removed
a genuine holocaust survivor just called her out for her being full of shit . why do any of you care wtf she has to say anymore ? & amp ; # x200b ;
like he gives a shit about optics .
credit for easing tensions and bringing him to the table . it 's a first step toward something much better .
i want open borders though .
yaw .
you 're a bernie supporter , yet you run around gaslighting people about 2016 and calling those you disagree with , russians ? k
exactly . insurance policies are a scam and the people getting scammed have been convinced to defend the ones ripping them off .
fyi heres a breakdown of the tax cuts the democrats are running on repealing . if you read them you will see they include less taxes paid for people making between 9200 thousand per year .
so your argument is that it 's ok to murder a person or group of people if it prevents an inconvenience ... ?
like otto warmbier . r.i.p .
& gt ; if any of you watch fox news regularly yeah , you lost me
ever heard guys talk about the lowest price they 'd suck a dick for ? it 's very telling
removed
& gt ; is it ok to assassinate citizens without due process or is it not ? it 's not , that 's why people dislike north korea . you whataboutismed obama , so i 'd like to know what evidence you have of obama killing american citizens that stood up to or criticized the american government . if you do n't , it 's not a comparison to north korea .
that 's so sad . i feel utterly horrible about it . i have n't been able to stop thinking about the story of the two year old boy who has been in custody since he was only a few months old and still ca n't talk or walk . hyperbole aside that 's how you ruin a person and that 's just one case we know about . what about the thousands of other kids ? what about the other people ? i frankly do n't give a fuck if they 're `` illegals '' or not , what 's happening down at the border is disgraceful . shameful . i have a 5 month daughter , what will i tell her i did to help ? but then , what can i actually do ?
and i here i am sweating over whatever stupid shit i said today . how do these people live with themselves ?
should have sent a qualified head of state , as well . but look who we sent . just look at him . he 's actually more ridiculous than the short , fat kid with the pompadour and platform shoes .
you did n't get a tax cut . you got a bribe . your tax rates are back to normal in 5 years while corporations keep theirs permanently . also you did n't get a raise .
that is exactly what happened in ga. with brian kemp and stacy abrams . dude was gon na get wrecked and then uhoh surprise rally on the debate night , then called abrams scared because she couldn ’ t do the reschedule day they wanted . so no debate , now there ’ s a governor who cheated to win , same as the president .
elections are carried out by the states . not sure what trump could do to delay the election .
removed
woah wtf ? now i 'm a right winger , and you can hate me for it if you choose , but leading a country means serving people not killing people . thats just fucked .
otto should 've known better . his death was his fault . its like a woman going to saudi arabia , dont do it .
the name richard spencer is cursed
links please
we all read past the headline . he is normalizing genocide , saying our allies commit atrocities , too . a leader sending men to die in battle , or living with accidental civilian casualties is not the same as being a murderous dictator like putin or kim . fuck , how fucking goddamned ... mumble mumble mumble .
he 's really not . he criticizes trump frequently and praises democrats like yang and warren and even bernie occasionally .
the devil in the details apparently did n't send a memo to new zealand . they have moral indignation . gun nuts do n't .
best op ivy song there is . before they well full ska . never go full ska .
i want open borders . i don ’ t think we should have any borders at all . anywhere . period . we should be one big nation of nations with freedom of movement .
fake dude . & gt ; but the claim that got the most attention , pushed by viral conspiracy and junk news websites , made unfounded accusations that the photographs of ocasiocortez were fake and that she was actually crying over an empty parking lot . russian state media outlet rt and zerohedge were among junk news sites taking a cue from alex jones ’ infowars network in that regard . the latter posted an unfounded story on june 24 , 2019 , that posited the “ empty parking lot ” conspiracy theory . infowars , and rt as sources . seriously . & gt ; the conspiracy theory was a loweffort jab that required viewers not ask what lay just beyond the camera lens or seek out additional , readily available information about the event . police weren ’ t guarding an empty parking lot , and the photographs weren ’ t newly uncovered . & gt ; the photographs touted by infowars were in fact those shot by aguirre , who posted them on his twitter account one year prior to infowars ’ “ newly uncovering ” them . & gt ; the socalled empty parking lot was in fact a roadway leading towards the tornillo border patrol station , where thousands of migrant children were housed in a tent city . & gt ; “ it wasn ’ t an empty parking lot ; it ’ s an entrance and we media and protesters weren ’ t allowed to go past that , ” aguirre told us .
you must be very proud
when biden has been challenged he 's been known to have a bad temper even as far back as 1988 : he 's just not cut out for campaigning in any way . that 's why his biggest electoral achievement , appointment as vp , only happened because obama needed a counterweight .
oh i see an appeal coming or at least stalling tactics , like noncompliance .
it 's amazing that that still sounds better than living under the government that republican `` christians '' want to create .
removed
still don ’ t understand why cracked let so many awesome comedians and creators go . they are all so amazing and still pumping out great material on a whole slew of mediums !
can you point to a candidate promoting it ? that is the point , there are n't any .
like i 'm going to sign in to watch a shitty propaganda video . ha ha .
nope what i ’ m trying to say is the government needs money and our corporations alone make twice after tax profits as our deficit . this doesn ’ t even include people who make their money off owning stock . they make that profit off 8 trillion dollars a year being spent .
from that page : & gt ; sign in to confirm your age no .
... they were enthusiastic when we invaded a country to kill one
& gt ; mcconnell is a patriot what the fuck is this shit ? no he is n't .
removed
removed
he 's probably on the left , not a nazi . when you 've been fighting for so many decades because the us has been sending child rape squads into latin america to get a the fruit companies a higher profit margin , or straight up saw the bush administration entirely fabricate a war and kill over a million people in cold blood for oil money , or even the way the entire american consumables and clothing industries rest on the back of child slaves or sweatshop workers in the third world , the way that liberals are just now waking up to the horror that is the modern us empire when you 've been screaming about it for years is darkly hilarious . the guy making this comment was that fucking knuckledragging trogoldyte to use his words , that complacent sitbyandletithappen dude , in a thousand different scenarios before the crisis at these concentration camps . it 's encouraging to see people realizing something is wrong . maybe if you give the rural rubes enough chances they 'll wake up the same way this guy did .
fox news is what makes this all possible . fox news should be the first thing out of everyone ’ s mouth when talking about modern day conservatives .
basically he ’ s giving our “ allies ” to go ahead with atrocities against their own people . if they can do that think about what they can justify doing at home .
deleted
it generates money for the government due to increased economic activity and more tax paying citizens . check out treasury.gov for the 60s , 80s and the 2000 s before obama eliminated them
well , i ’ ll vote for whoever i have to when it comes to me , but i really worry about the kamala hype and i love her skills in hearings . best of luck to all of us i guess .
it was a pretty widely reported upon issue in california . the article links the sources . harris ’ defense has been that she “ didn ’ t know ” that her office was making that argument .
hope he gets a new job soon with higher pay .
it 's still early days but right now i think a bernie/harris or warren/harris ticket would work well . harris can bring along some voters that bernie or warren might not . if buttigieg 's message of christian love vs christian hate gains traction , then it could have huge impact . that 's the single best thing i 've seen from him so far . if he does n't support m4a then that 's a point against him .
senators who are running for president send signals to primary voters through their endorsements . that strategy is particularly lowcost and therefore useful when it ’ s a policy they know won ’ t even get a vote anytime soon . so since the endorsement could either be genuine or a strategic signal to the base , i guess what i ’ d like to see is firm positiontaking and prioritizing of that specific policy , rather than what we have above : openness to either medicare for all or gradual modification of the aca .
again , the goal isn ’ t to prove he is guilty of rape beyond a reasonable doubt . he ’ s not and wasn ’ t on trial . the goal was always to determine if he is fit to be a supreme court justice . fuck his career . he ’ s a judge . he ’ s doing fine in his career . would you want an accused rapist coaching your daughter ’ s soccer team ? i wouldn ’ t . what about trump ? is it ok for him to grab women by the pussy ? he ’ s not being prosecuted , but he ’ s on tape saying it . his own exwife said he raped her . so have other women . he cheated on his current wife while she was pregnant . is that enough evidence ? does that not make him unfit for office ? the republicans in the 1990s said the presidency should be held to a higher standard when bill clinton cheated on his wife . apparently they don ’ t think that anymore .
brushed off an account with no activity in six months just to make this comment ? the russian disinformation camp is getting more advanced
nope . i remember you posting a video where she used a line commonly used by modern genocide and camp survivors to state their feelings on both , and then you conflating everything with one specific event . & amp ; # x200b ; that the one ?
you leave kim kardashian out of this
neither is bartender ... ..
nailed it ... .by the way ... how did you find out , this is a top secret project of the dnc .
we just say bingo .
i knew tucker carlson was a waste of life to begin with , but this is some new substrata of scum scraping the bottom of the barrel . anyone who would go in public and defend north motherfucking korea needs to be removed from our public discourse and our society . we need to bring back legal ostracism and banishment , because this is so far beyond the pale it is actively damaging public morality there are not two sides to genocide . there is no `` teach the controversy '' to prison death camps . i do n't know how he sleeps at night , but i know if he stopped existing the whole world would be better off .
removed
he got it all wrong trump would not ask , he 'd just play through .
come on guys , he literally says `` it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . '' he says the words `` there 's no defending '' north korea and the headline is he defends it . this is absurd .
i think never having legitimate respect gets to everyone eventually . even trumple . just look at his whiny fucking twit rages .
i find his white supremacist shit to be a vile new low for fox news . i honestly thought that at least they had some limits to their depravity , but now they have a guy on primetime telling americans that immigrants makes america dirty , diversity makes america weak , feminism makes america stupid , and only trump can make america great .
let me cum sir
removed
r/progressive is about to have a fit .
math is hard , huh ?
so why the fuck are we wasting every perfect opportunity we get to fight for the rightwing position ? is this the democratic party or the oligarch party ?
i 'm eating twinkies from canada and watching the shit show south of the border . believe me , if trudeau would say shit like '' get rid of the press '' and `` i would accept info from the russians to beat my opponents '' , i 'm going to make myself a light snack and head for ottawa that 's where our dear leader is .
they 're active on reddit right now . yangang is bernie was roobbed
removed
that 's it ? that 's the best talking point that maga slaves can come up with ? lazy , low effort , like we have come to expect .
stale
the fact that we haven ’ t been visited yet by people from the future makes me believe it ’ s not possible . or at least not in our reality .
would swalwell really be a better vp for a woman president nominee than damn near any other male who was closer to center stage during the 2 rounds of the 1st debate ? fwiw , he sure as hell wo n't be harris 's due to the constitutional requirement that california electors vote for either president or vp from another state , and harris and any other democrat wo n't need swalwell to bolster their chances of winning california . got ta figure tactics would have warren or harris or klobuchar or gillibrand want o'rourke or castro as their running mate . buttigieg and booker would also be better choices than swalwell . i could be wrong , and texas no more in play in 2020 than indiana , but it 's nice to hope . part of me wants gravel to do better than swalwell in iowa and new hampshire in order to knock him out asap . perhaps swalwell could learn from that level of humiliation , but he 's a politician , so odds are against learning from that type of experience . in fairness , i consider the other current representatives , gabbard , moulton , and ryan , to be equally superfluous . every race these days seems to need a few cranks , so yang and williamson , but that does n't mean they have a chance . i really hope bullock knocks one of them out for the next debate .
aoc is a safe bet .
the right : socialism ? yeah , that totally worked for north korea and the ussr , right ? the left : authoritarian regimes like north korea and the ussr are not the only ways socialism can be done . the right : well , now that we think about it , we kinda like north korea and the ussr . the left : wait , what ?
`` i 'm not racist , i just hate all black people '' title `` this guy is a racist '' you `` the first thing he said was he was n't a racist . fake news ! 1 ! 11 ! 1 ! ! ''
removed
i ’ m sorry , the political party fighting against slavery were the republicans . the political party supporting slavery , and later the kkk were the democrats . yes , you ’ ll go on and argue there was a party switch . however , liberals now tend to be awfully vocal about how america was never great , and love bringing up past wrongs . it is a bit hypocritical for them to not acknowledge the sordid past of the democratic party isn ’ t it ?
ive heard that too . my dad drives around with a handgun in his lap . it gets a little uncomfortable sometimes . i tell myself its a generational thing but it seems more and more like a ‘ conservative ’ thing . ‘ rounding people up ’ would be his favorite thing to do if he was in charge .
deleted
you are talking to the president of the reddit rifle association .
talk about taking it out of context lol
michelle obama moved barack on gay marriage , not joe biden .
she ’ s the third most progressive senator in office right now . she doesn ’ t need to send any “ signals ” for us to know where she stands
because raw footage of an assault is propaganda ? okay ?
then you make more available . america went to the moon , suddenly we ca n't expand hospital services to serve all americans ?
nobody says he ’ s a russian spy ... . he ’ s a russian asset . big difference and it ’ s been proven time and time again .
... while cheering the one at home
the fuck is this country coming to ! ?
if you 're not zealously antinazi , you 're not actually antinazi . this song we have heard before , and it ended with tens of millions dead .
removed
mandatory confiscation is a straight l. you could do a voluntary buyback and sell that idea fairly easily . anything that could be construed as `` gubmint comin to take ma gun '' is not gon na fly .
trump says out loud that reporters should be killed , but bernie is worse , i guess , because he hurt the feelings of the biased morons who work for the rightbiased examiner . edit : incorrectly identified the examiner as the moonie times . i ’ m an idiot .
no , she is not ... just look at the video the french released . she comes across as a total moron .
i just finished up this podcast , do you know of any other similar podcasts ?
durbin just voted for it ; it ’ s not like he wrote the bill or anything .
itt : removed
agreed , fox news is garbage
i think she ’ s going to monica lewinsky the white horse soon
fascists got ta ~~fasct~~ kill people . i 'd say it 's nice that they 're admitting it , but the people who support trump at this point would be on board with this . i do n't think there is any turning back now . these people are lost .
wwod ... what would obama do ? seriously , what would he have done ?
your tax cuts have an expiration date , unlike corporations . congrats
why trump could run a 1 minute mile easy . he just does n't do it because he 's so humble . /s
he 's counting on it .
but all of that is just personal opinion with regards to the asylum process . many people have various opinions of the asylum process and immigration in general . that 's really a fundamentally different discussion though , since you 're really talking about redefining what someone who qualifies for asylum actually is . it 's fine to have a discussion about that , but this discussion started with talking about what the ratio of legitimate asylum seekers to people who just want to immigrate is . at this moment , all we can realistically talk about is asylum seekers under the current definition though . and the best , and only real , authority we have on the topic , their job is literally to fairly and impartially rule on the law . you 're accusing judges of bias with no proof beyond not seeing the outcome you want to see . that does n't necessarily make them biased , that 's more likely to indicate that your opinion does n't line up with the law . if you want the law changed , that 's not a matter for the judicial system at all , that 's a legislative issue . you also have n't supported your argument for why you think it should be changed at all . you 've used emotionally evocative language without actually saying anything beyond that you do n't like it .
will not be surprised if the next story i see are protesters in a gun fight .
removed
he said it was indefensible and then he defended it . saying it ’ s indefensible only works to cancel out what he is about to say on morons that are fine with doublethink and not so good on critical analysis .
so , basically being the daughter of a rich and famous person then ? nothing you list there describe actual skill with the possible exception of public speaking nor do they indicate that she has any mastery of those skills . simply being the pretty daughter of a narcissistic billionaire is n't a life skill . and nothing she has done in public indicates any level of exceptional intelligence , or even aboveaverage intelligence . my girlfriend at the time attended georgetown with her and it was well known that she was only passing her classes with a ton of outside tutoring .
\ # fakediplomacy
which is why we need to keep primarying the joe crowley 's and nancy pelosi 's of the party and electing sanders , aoc , and ro khanna type democrats to congress .
& gt ; they are n't worse than us what ? you just quoted him saying `` not on the scale that the north koreans do '' & gt ; our friends are guilty countries like saudi arabia are guilty of atrocities ... with weapons we gave them . a school bus in yemen filled with kids was killed by an american bomb hell we 've even broken international law by blocking medicine to iran . then when the icj rebuked the us for doing so pompeo said `` i am disappointed the court failed to recognize its lack of jurisdiction. ” i 'm not sure why anyone can have this fucked up nationalistic feeling towards the us , our government is horrible .
it is a disgrace to the united states that she is even an advisor and her husband too .
supposing you make less than 220,000 in combined household income , the tax cuts for those making more and corporations alone would be far greater than the 468b of federal student debt .
wow ! when did fox news turn communist ?
lmao . you want me to prove your point for you ? i ’ m waiting . provide a source . if you ’ re right , it shouldn ’ t be difficult .
i don ’ t believe hardly anyone likes their coverage . they like having coverage . but they ’ d be far happier with better coverage . the idea that single payer is some pie in the sky idea with no known way to implement is just nonsense . medicare for all is not a slogan . we already had a fully fleshed our medicare system . a system that most medicare recipients do like and at a much higher percentage than those on private insurance . expanding it to everyone is not going to be as complicated as starting from scratch .
because bernie was against bussing in the 70 's also . it 's politically inconvenient for his supporters .
copmala
removed
man that is such a great example of just how fucking insane fox gets all the time . people should also check out `` the five '' which is a straight on comedy program for trump loons and even has a token black dude who they dress up and parade around .
i am not saying violence is good but neither are taxes that will do nothing but punish people who already have trouble monetarily . these taxes are n't used to invest in better solutions . definitely not how it is in ca . just more and more burden .
deleted
this is semantics now ... i think this is a “ cup half empty , cup half full ” situation . comparing dogshit to a bigger piece of dogshit isn ’ t imo a cosign at all . its still calling it dogshit no matter how you frame it . and also . whether or not its minimising linkin park isn ’ t the topic of the headline . its defending nickleback nk or not which tucker is clearly not .
and she has made more of her . five or six ? the next generation of 'diplomats ' . this shit is never going to end . a few decades from now , this video will be an example of grandma breaking the glass ceiling for woman everywhere . `` she was maga ! '' not being an idiot .
tucker was there and bolton was n't . wtf .
wtf are you talking about ? talking objectively about something bad qualifies as defending it ? so you think a news anchor is defending the murderer when they objectively report a murder ?
sorry , i ’ m not following i ’ ll need you to clarify what you ’ re saying further . would you prefer to see a continued escalation of the situation or continue with a more diplomatic approach ?
removed
groups have been claiming everything under the sun when it comes to hillary clinton for crying out loud . have n't you all heard of the boy who cried wolf ? the right has cried wolf so many times with hillary that it 's hard to take anything they say about her seriously anymore . the really sad part is that it 's also been painfully demonstrated that if it ever got to a point where she was put on trial for any of the perceived crimes she 's been charged with that she 'd likely never get a fair trial . republicans would demand that they get to try her which would mean she 's guilty no matter what , and for fairness it would require some moderates or even democrats , which republicans would use to immediately discredit any potential verdict that is n't guilty . i mean look at the benghazi shit ... they found practically nothing actionable against her and ultimately found her innocent yet republicans still think she 's guilty with regards to that . most of them do n't even know anything about it but have been so indoctrinated over it by rightwing media that it has become yet another trigger word for them with clinton .
i assure you it 's just brand recognition . it looks like he 's sunk a great deal since the debates .
i presume he means saudi arabia when he says our friends because i ca n't think of another country that does anywhere near that sh ! t . and saudi arabia are n't `` our friends '' .
i 'm going guess it was that geriatric proud boy .
or , you know , make sure everyone on the planet does n't fucking die by 2100 .
& gt ; name a world leader who does n't make decisions to kill people . i can name many world leaders , including the united states and all of our allies , who do n't systematically murder their own citizens for political purposes . like duterte does . and erdogan . and putin . and especially kim jong mothergrabbing un . jesus fucking christ , this is the definition of false equivalence . you ca n't tell the difference between sending soldiers to die , accidental casualties of war , and literal genocide ? aaaarrrrggghhh
modi loves her foreign policy too ! same for bashar ! she 's so progressive !
it ’ s an embarrassment she ’ s even in the room .
she thinks she ’ s one of them .
deleted
maintaining power via violence is literally the only mechanisim that the state has to enforce its will . without force there is no state . in fact the 2nd amendment is the closest thing humanity has ever come up with to negate the state 's monopoly on force . a government that exists at the consent of the people means nothing unless the people retain the ability to revoke said consent .
except they did n't . the free bacon funded opposition research on trump from fusion gps that concluded before steele was retained . which is completely , totally irrelevant to this legal claim , which is of a campaign finance violation . the clinton campaign , obama for america & amp ; democratic national committee all paid for the steele dossier by a money chain of hfa/ofa/dnc & gt ; perkins coie & gt ; fusion gps & gt ; steele & gt ; russian intermediaries & gt ; active kremlin agents . they disguised the payments to perkins coie as `` legal services '' on their filings with the fec , which hid what the money was actually going to , and was an illegal misrepresentation of campaign expenses . they paid for opposition research from british/russian sources , not `` legal services '' hence this complaint : & gt ; failed to accurately disclose the purpose and recipient of payments for the dossier of research alleging connections between thencandidate donald trump and russia , effectively hiding these payments from public scrutiny , contrary to the requirements of federal law. ” and : & gt ; brendan fischer , an fec expert for the center , told the washington examiner that the “ payments by the dnc and clinton campaign for opposition research were legal , but hiding those payments was not . ”
removed
& gt ; once drone policing has been perfected you 're fucked . imagine unironically rooting for the police to have the ability to confiscate firearms from law abiding citizens via drone . imagine wanting to live in that timeline .
this almost definitely was not mdma . most likely some kind of stimulant cocktail or a mix of amphetamine salts . the fact that it went away after 20 minutes and caused hypersensitivity to sound actual suggests it might ’ ve had cocaine in it . the way you describe your mental state and senses being amped up definitely sound like stimulants to me . this is why i never touch “ mdma ” . it is actually pretty difficult to find pure mdma on the black market . 95 % of what is out there is either mixed or literally has no actual mdma in it . if you took a pill you can look it up here : ecstasydata
it does help to know what the knuckledragging portion of the electorate is being told to think .
deleted
i 'll leave this here for you since you seemed to have failed your remedial english classes . even a hint from the 2nd link giving the definition of `` but '' . since your context is wanting to use it as a conjunction the only place it applies as a synonym for on the other hand , `` used to connect coordinate elements '' . now where was he wrong ? nk kills people , so do other nations . stating a fact is not defend doing you pompous uneducated simpleton .
in time to see one party completely against labor 's right to any rights republicans , the other with similar people in charge at the top biden who does n't want to change things for the rich but better people underneath aoc/bernie and a government moving quickly into fascist territory that may well declare all unions terrorism and start mass jailing and exterminating . this time a massive strike wo n't work because too much can be and has been sent overseas . you may not be able to get critical mass without getting over half the country in revolutionary fervor and half is guaranteed to be dead set against labor as long as the republicans leaders tell them to be .
& gt ; insider expose ! chelsea 's housekeeper reveals hillary spoiling her grandkids during twiceweekly visits this is what the right wing hillaryhaters will finally resort to when all else has failed .
embarrassment
on , if we ’ re letting people see things , it ’ s certainly not the worst of it . i ’ m surely the even more horrific is still being hidden . our nation is committing crimes against humanity . a large portion of our population is okay with this . i ’ m ashamed and disgusted with the situation and the enablers . a platform of our upcoming elections is about not committing atrocities at our border . i ’ m starting to wonder if someone should invade us to stop this humanitarian crisis .
& gt ; deporting illegal citizens shouldn ’ t even be a fucking question . deporting illegal citizens who chose to disappear into the shadows of american society , and have been mooching off the system , is the right thing to do . this is an extremely dumbed down vastly oversimplified perspective of the subject and exactly why the left treats trump and his base like they are a three year old trying to tell a rocket scientist with a phd how to get to space . many undocumented aliens work , they pay taxes , they contribute to the economy and pay into social services they do n't even have access to . the irs even has special id 's issued to them so they can pay taxes . not only that but the reason theres so much resistance to ice hunting undocumented aliens anywhere is because it discourages them from participating in our society . cities with high concentrations of undocumented aliens function better if they work with police , participate in court systems , use our healthcare facilities , send their kids to school and so on and so forth which they wont if they feel ice is going to ambush them . thats a big part of why these sanctuary cities exist , the protect their institutions from the disruption ice brings them . the logistics of what trump promises , which is akin to 100 % identification and removal of all undocumented aliens is a fantasy . we would be spending money to lose money for no real gain besides some ignorant americans can feel better about themselves as the actual problems facing this nation continue to bury them . for instance all the kids we have locked up right now ? many of them have family in the us with jobs willing to take care of them , feed them , house them , send them to school etc . if we released the kids into their care the us would n't be paying to put them in these horrible concentration camps . and thats not even getting into the ethics of whats happening in these concentration camps . trump and his base act like all undocumented aliens are the same , that is to say the absolute worst stereotype they could make of them . they do n't pay taxes , they join gangs and commit crimes , do n't have jobs , somehow use social services , and do n't participate in society at all . its grossly oversimplified and demonizes millions of people in our society and encourages policies that just get worse the more you look into them and end up costing america in the end both in terms of money and morality .
what . . . what happened here ? is everyone alright ?
should you rise to a position because of merit or lineage ? ivanka only has lineage , no merit whatsoever . she should n't have the security clearance she has . in this short clip she looks like that person at the party who 's an outsider , desperately trying to make inroads with the cool kids . what has ivanka done for woman 's rights ? that 's her 'cause ' right ?
deleted
removed
since when does vice news not make it to the front ... oh , it shows harris in a bad light . ca n't allow that .
but her emails ! buttery males !
a brief look at recent history shows that carlson is n't wrong about that .
continues to make gains with the young , educated , and racially diverse .
according to this very link you posted : she later launched brook avenue press , a publishing firm for books that portray the bronx in a positive light , \ 32\ and worked as lead educational strategist at gageis , inc.\ 33\ ocasiocortez also worked for the nonprofit national hispanic institute , serving as the educational director of the 2017 northeast collegiate world series , a fivedaylong program targeted at collegebound high school students from across the united states and other countries , where she also participated in the panel on the future of latino leadership.\ 12\ \ 34\ \ 35\ in the 2016 primary , ocasiocortez worked as an organizer for bernie sanders 's 2016 presidential campaign.\ 36\ after the general election , she traveled across america by car , visiting places such as flint , michigan , and standing rock indian reservation in north dakota , and speaking to people affected by the flint water crisis and the dakota access pipeline.\ 37\ & amp ; # x200b ; then she ran for office and won . so she is not only intimately familiar with the working class , she 's started businesses and organized political movements making her intimately familiar with american politics . what qualifications do you think a person should meet before running for congress ?
it 's fucking crazy . this is the only business she might have had there but she 's an adult and apparently does n't care this is n't an actual thing at international summits .
removed
good .
pro lifers will hop on this immediately lol.. abortion is normalized ! ! i try to word my arguments where they can ’ t pull them out of context lol.. just a suggestion
is tucker reeally pushing the other way ? `` leading a country means killing people ''
it ' a matter of degrees and you ca n't tell me about my feelings . feeling and acting on them are 2 different things . you 'll learn that when you get older .
let me guess . trump is going to put on the sacred robe of jesus ? somehow portray on fox news that he can walk on water ?
how sad
removed
licensing reduces gun homicides . you like licensing based on the evidence , right ?
& gt ; nobody elected trump jr not directly , but people knew he was a thing when they decided to elect trump . the entire family is raw sewage , and electing trump was like deciding to dump that sewage over their own heads .
my personal favorite debate scenario is kamala just murdering him with words and questions he ca n't answer in front of the nation and the world . it would make his followers ' blood boil . but ... that probably is n't what should happen . as that seems it would just help polarize the nation . a unifier who stands tall , walks softly and carries a big stick would be a better defense against a mad man like trump .
deleted
oh my , i ’ m so glad this was sarcasm . i really thought this was a real argument
man , its been wild watching all the warren spam on this sub disappear almost overnight after the debates . its almost like when she came out in favor of single payer all of the think tanks called off their posting farms . its okay to admit this sub has real influencer and bot issues like all of the other major politics subs .
the exact same parts that you claim the repubs do n't care about in your above post.. she has the oversight authority.. and is not doing it .
i think a healthy medium between calling him names and licking his butthole would be ideal . not too hot , not too cold .
itt : people defend and justify the actions of cowards .
this is what fox stands for . anyone who believes this hogwash is not a patriot and not an americans . fuck this
my point is that your distinction is arbitrary . advocating fascist policy has direct results that harm people , and insisting that selfdefense has to take place against the agents of the state , rather than at a point that it can effect meaningful change , is basically making selfdefense impossible .
remind me what the qualifications are of a member of congress by the constitution ? i recall something about an age limit and a thing about being a citizen 's legislature ?
for $ 775 a day per person they couldn ’ t do better . hell , how much does motel 6 cost per night . don ’ t bother with an answer .
i fking hate this type os sensationalism . it 's so trash . they should be ashamed of this blatant bias and crap non journalism .
removed
of course what carlson says here is terrible . let ’ s not put our tinfoil hats on and say this is some normalization for trump to do what kim jong un has done though .
it will never work since grown american children need their pacifiers .
removed
try telling that to a conservative , though . they will look at you like your head just exploded . in all seriousness , there is political bias in all media it 's not a bad thing and is to be expected . regardless of how one feels about the bias of cnn , they are not similar to fox . fox is n't simply biased , they are hardcore , shameless partisans . they are a veritable arm of the gop .
nazis , young and old , are not safe . what do they expect when they go out in the street and openly encourage hate and violence ?
the trump name reeks of filthy lies and kidnapped children . the name of people who sold their souls for power
& gt ; if he ca n't survive on a debate stage against other democrats , he is n't gon na survive against trump . how so ? trump is a pushover by comparison . & gt ; he spoke more than anybody else on that stage and he could n't get his point across . that implies he was trying to get that point across . given how little time he dedicated to it , i do n't think he saw it as very important .
the curse of the cult . too dumb to realize they are being grifted .
you havent made points , only revealed how much you love imperialism .
literally you right now .
very few white people genuinely believed black people should have equal rights back then . they just did n't like slavery for whatever reasons . hell , the suffragette movement used racist rhetoric in fighting for women 's right to vote : `` we should have rights if blacks have rights ! `` .
i highly doubt it .
'we are the holders of secret knowledge , all other knowledge is for the sleeping masses and they 're dumb and/or the enemy depending on how convenientit it is at the moment . '
pretty sure you 're full of crap .
setting standards like having the moron presidents moron daughter bother heads of state for no reason
she is most assuredly not a diplomat .
all this ivanka trump bashing puts the liberal anti semitic sentiments on full display .
wingoftruth ... lol ... fuckin nazis .
no , you misunderstand . i 'm saying the people who are in favor of violence of aggression against your own citizens are almost exclusively socialists . im not a socialist .
what the fuck is wrong with the world
removed
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
hi ` xjesse0303x ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : offtopic : all submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current us politics . if you have questions as to why your post has been removed , please see here : why was my post removed as offtopic ? if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
removed
obama was n't alluding to killing journalists and serving lifelong terms .
i 'm no big city lawyer , but the 'raw footage ' starts with the old man and another person already in a grapple there 's no way to tell who initiated it . do you have a news source with more info by any chance ? for the record , the violence committed by these masked thugs is generally abhorrent and does nothing to help whatever message they think they have .
this is like an aspiring mass murderer meeting an actual mass murderer . trump is just a dictator fan boy . here 's to hoping he spends the remainder of his days in a courtroom being tried for every crime he has committed . it would make my day to see him perpwalked out of the white house .
even a blind squirrel occasionally finds a nut . the sooner mr `` nothing will fundamentally change '' gets knocked out of the race , the better . he has a more checkered policy record than clinton , and somehow is less exciting . republicans should be doing everything in their power to see to it he wins the primary . their mistake is our gain though .
& gt ; because raw footage of an assault is propaganda ? okay ? video is published by `` wingsoftruth '' which reeks like a propagandist name .
thanks for the correction ! ! it ’ s appreciated
no one that matters , anyway . it would be regarded as an extreme and kooky idea . that said , i did notice that bernie 's site plays around with words like `` integration '' `` schools '' and `` transportation '' but i do n't think he means to suggest any mandatory programs like `` forced busing . ''
barr said no collusion , trump said no collusion , and butthurt downvoting redditors in r/news and r/worldnews said no collusion . i 'm confused and all magas should be too as to why team trump is working so hard to slam & amp ; discredit mueller and the report 🤔 edit : /s
are you a corporation ? if not those cuts alone would amount to more than the federal student debt burden .
& gt ; still does n't make it right . lol ? no but tucker is right and this is fake news
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
removed
removed
he 's more of an adviser these days , thanks to tucker we 're not in war with iran
& gt ; the combined wealth of two dozen billionaires could end homelessness and establish prek for all in california california has 157 billionaires rich people want to be as rich as possible .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i can hear them chanting , `` status quo , status quo , status quo ! '' over in biden 's corner now .
& gt ; wtf are you talking about ? that 's what i should be saying . what happened =/= `` talking objectively about something bad qualifies as defending it '' how do you even remotely think that 's what has happened ? ? neutral on the scale of `` positive neutral negative '' does n't mean `` objective '' he normalized nk killing it 's own citizens . that 's a problem .
that 's how big business works , anything you like dies a death of a thousand paper cuts . taking it all away at once might cause walkouts , but you can usually get away with a bit at a time , and make the strikers look `` unreasonable '' for revolting over such a `` little thing '' , while the papers report it as such instead of `` everything piecemeal '' , which is what 's actually happening . ups and uber requiring employees to be `` contractors '' should be a massive wakeup call , as well as forced `` arbitration '' by a company that has to find for the big company if it wants to stay employed .
can we apply it just to rich white pricks in bowties ?
& gt ; on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . & gt ; “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr carlson added “ but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with. ” yeah saying `` i 'm not defending them '' does n't make it not defending them when you then proceed to defend them .
then maybe call for your tax cuts to be permanent ? you did n't get a tax cut . you got a bribe in order to make you fine with the fact that the gop cut corporation tax rates but are keeping yours the same . and you 're fine with that .
right . and i do n't see this being popular among ppl without student loan debt . the bailout will be a tough sell , even to some millennials .
the normalization began with `` killing is part of running a country '' and everything afterwards was the attempt to blur the line and normalize nk 's contemporary actions with historical examples . if it was wrong then , it is triplewrong now .
and thus was the first tennet of the fourth reich spoken . & amp ; nbsp ; edit spelling
so , after the debate the other night , i immediately emailed both biden and sanders campaigns with my thoughts . my thoughts to biden were , “ you are accused of being disconnected , and i still think you are , but i think the debate humanized you a bit . please take some of the more progressives policies to heart , the world is changing . you should make a private call to kamala apologizing for the government failing her community. ” i received a response from the bernie campaign within 20 minutes . it was a form email , but it cited my direct thoughts/suggestions , and at least a couple of sentences were clearly written by a person , rather than being drag and drop . the biden campaign never sent me a response email . not the next day , not ever . i do know my email went through because i now get biden donation beg emails , multiple a day . a real written response is above and beyond , a personalized response is okay , a canned response is the bare minimum . he sent nothing . the minimal humanization of his campaign that he gained in my eyes , from the debates , was immediately wiped out when i saw the extreme contrast between his campaign and bernie ’ s . it was after midnight , and i got a response that at least proved human eyes had seen my email , within 20 minutes .
aotc has him delving into political opinion .
this fucking commie needs to be investigated . where is huac , when they are needed ?
she absolutely knows what 's she 's doing , and doing it better than most `` veteran republicans '' .
deleted
republicans hate the american working class .
if biden 's contribution to this race is to draw all the right wing lies and misinformation to him , he 'll have done the nation a great service .
every human being
i like trevor noah 's rendition . i want jon to run for office .
& gt ; what the f are they going to complain about when clinton is dead ? hillary continues to ignore allegations of doing bad things this is one of the headlines we 'll read for years after hillary 's passing .
no . the government shouldn ’ t know who is a gun owner . licensing and registration of guns opens the door to gun confiscation . if you want more gun control then you should be willing to give up something in return . for example , universal background checks in return for repealing the nfa and deregulating suppressors .
& gt ; just because you lead the house , it doesnt make the senate do your bidding . funny because the republicans lead the senate and they somehow get the house to do their bidding anyway . maybe that has to do with pelosi a worthless speaker though . the recent funding bill had anything to do with lack of power . aoc would n't have fucking folded to mcconell like pelosi did . if mcconell refused to negotiate she would 've just prevented any funding bill from passing . the kids would be in the same awful conditions they are now , but we 'd at least pretty much freeze any arrests and keep noncaught people safe . pelosi got us the worst of both worlds .
i 'm not tucker carlson so i dont know but i do know that you asked what would be considered acceptable and i think answers your question . tucker has an email so send him one if you want clarification .
except the whole elected thing ... .
there are good people on both sides .
this is why i like harris . she is smart enough to goad him into saying something totally unacceptable without thinking . something not even his supporters could stomach .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
& gt ; and was admitted to a local hospital , he said on twitter . bullshit . a bandaid and some orange juiice in the er is not being admitted .
so do i
& gt ; and those outrage specialists are literally the majority of , um , ~~everybody~~ reddit daily dose of reality for you friend . try to stay grounded out there
thank you . you seem quite astute . i do n't understand the downvotes .
well they ’ re about 4 billion more capable thanks to 11 dimensional chess master nancy pelosi .
propaganda , misleading .
so i 'm going to not read the article and take a stab at what 's wrong . the working class has not experienced any real wage growth to speak of as housing and cost of living continues to increase , any gains in the past two decades have been due to the rich getting richer through magical business selfpaying tax cuts that never materialized and while the stock market has been generally been going up it 's just masking those deep problems aligned above and none of this bullshit is sustainable . how did i do ?
there are some similarities : telling people not to trust the media , having a vendetta against groups he does n't like teachers , unions , giving couchy jobs to his unqualified friends etc . but i like to reserve the title of canada 's donald trump for kevin oleary , who ran for leader of the conservative party , lost then sued the government because he was n't allowed to use his own money to finance his campaign . what worries me about the current batch of conservative leaders , mostly scheer and ford , is that they have no guiding conviction and i can see them being easily swayed in any direction as long as they maintain power .
there are selfproclaimed nazis roaming in america .
no it hasn ’ t . that ’ s a silly conspiracy theory .
i just asked a question . like he did . he probably already knew that so probably a dumb question for him . but i was just wondering . then you reply with a bunch of nonsense . c'mon , daughter
removed
it 's an obvious deep fake or shall i say shallow fake ? . too bad you ca n't be bothered to watch it , or you could join in on the trash talk .
i dislike fakenews regardless of the source .
removed
removed
i do n't think anyone in the us is really happy , deluded maybe , but not truly happy .
im sorry , are you not aware that american citizens were targeted and killed by drones without due process under obama ? it was a pretty big deal . perhaps google it ?
robert was n't even a lawyer , and even if he was putting your brother in charge of all the law . a massive conflict of interest .
he lost me when he said that only smart guns should be sold . i bet some manufacturer who has a smart gun in development paid him .
there is no such thing as a us popular vote
he 's absolutely correct in the full context of what he said . he did n't say it was morally okay , but that 's how the world is .
you 're talking as if i 'm new to these concepts . i 'm probably twice your age , have lived in several countries with various political systems and have seen how these things pan out . my political views have been formed and changed and refined over decades of participation and research . does n't matter if you do n't vote for bernie , but i really just want you to broaden your worldview . study history but keep the context of each system in mind . there is just no way that anyone who knows more than a thing or two about politics would think bernie = socialism = bad . the policies he stands on have been implemented in the most developed nations in the world . i 've lived in some of them and let me tell you , if i want medical or dental work done , i fly over to spain or south korea , get it done and end up saving money .
for some people it is ... except , as senator sanders rightly says , for most of the developed world .
removed
i love how people think that communism means an authoritarian dictatorship . lol .
he ’ s not a journalist ...
why does n't she label herself as indian american then ? because she 's 50 % that .
removed
removed
removed
i agree that banks being `` too big to fail '' is an issue . that said , you should prolly rethink that third sentence ... .and maybe your whole post .
but that is the problem . when the democrats use words like concentration camp or genocide it is easier to argue against . if they just say `` wow , these conditions are bad '' then they have to just argue that it is n't bad , which will make them look like idiots . if you say `` this is genocide '' or `` this is a concentration camp '' then they just have to argue how it is n't comparable to the holocaust and they look much better . i am sure this will get downvoted like crazy too . r/politics is full of people that are so far left that they ca n't even see how they are damaging themselves .
that 's just because there 's so many in . they will vote for the most corporate candidate if given the chance in the second round . we know this . i admire your optimism , but i do n't share it .
imagine thinking that weird shit about chakras and being antiwar is somehow worse than a willingness to work with the gop .
what the fuck .
it ’ s not incompetence ; it ’ s planned . this is how autocrats become dictators . remove all independent thought and competence from all critical posts , and put your lackeys in place . they owe you and will do your bidding .
here 's your transcript for extra facepalm : & gt ; macron : ... as soon as possible yes , but think about social justice , and if you could & gt ; & gt ; ivanka interrupts : it 's all , yeah . & gt ; & gt ; may : as soon as you talk from that economic aspect of it , though & gt ; & gt ; ivanka : yeah & gt ; & gt ; may : a lot of people start listening & gt ; & gt ; ivanka : they start listening & gt ; & gt ; may : who would n't otherwise listen & gt ; & gt ; ivanka : and the same with the defense side of it , um , in terms of the whole , business of france being male dominated , so ... & gt ; this is some caitlin uptonlevel `` the iraq and everywhere like such as '' vacuousness .
we 're you one of the people on stage at the primary debates ? no ? ok .
it ’ s still the same idea as what ’ s happening on the southern border , people trying to cross to obtain something . if you were to have a problem with central american/south american individuals trying to cross a border to get something , you should be angry about the ‘ american caravan ’ .
removed
since when are black jamaicans not black enough ?
and now it ’ s a graveyard
it 's an obvious deep fake or shall i say shallow fake ? . too bad you ca n't be bothered to watch it , or you could join in on the trash talk .
it is a fact to invest in the us . are there any countries other than japan that are investing very aggressively in the us ? canada ? germany ? china ? apple ? why build a factory in china ? it is rude to japan too . not for trump .
man , just last week i had an ugly `` warren supporter '' pretty much tell me bernie is losing because hes not polling where biden is . i am glad the real supporters are starting to shine through . this race is far from being over .
yeah , pneumonia ...
either way , vogue has had celebrities on the cover for decades and many more controversial than kim . i meant hair getting done as in color and highlights , many pay for their own hair or have to keep their hair natural but in good condition . also , many models tan , it ’ s actually super common among high fashion . cindy crawford did spray tans ... you can ’ t think some of those girls are naturally golden on the runway right ? spray tan specialists do everything from high end models , to celebrities to victoria secret runway models .
she ’ s more liberal on social issues than on economic ones . the big donors in the democratic party want her . that alone is a strong i indicator that she may not be as economically progressive as her dwnominate scores and the like would suggest . i can promise you that the top democratic donors would not be supporting the third most economically progressive us senator .
i 'm hardly cornered . the fact that you asked a question you were only expecting a yes or no answer to says more about you than it does me . look how quickly you bring in other variables into the equation . you do n't mention anything like the decades of experience fighting on their own soil that afghanistan had . you make assumptions on what kind of americans would be on the guerilla side conveniently for you , it 's people with military experience already . my point in asking you questions earlier was to suss out just what iq means in context . if you want to focus on the hypothetical we 've got a lot of work to do . remember , it was foreign armies invading afghanistan , the us 's military used against its own people on american soil is a completely different situation , and the details depend on a lot more factors than just what the average american scores on their iq test . if you just want to brag about being smarter than the average afghani , i guess you can do that . i do n't agree that makes you better prepared to hold off the us military though .
it 's really not strange at all for media to travel with potus , it 's standard procedure .
because it ’ s a stupid question .
tbf he ’ s old as fuck and looks noticeably worse on tv compared to the obama days .
a friend of melania 's apparently got a $ 26,000,000 contract to decorate the place . link among multiple others firms for similar jobs . `` the 116page filing indicates that the majority of the funds — more than $ 57 million — went to four eventplanning companies . ''
it 's really not a matter of degrees . you 're either actively antinazi , which you would describe as `` zealous '' , or you 're not .
& gt ; separating brown kids from their parents at the border is genocide . got a link to this from the un ?
sigh , i miss after hours and late 2000s cracked .
no , no , no , you don ’ t get it . they are taking mountains of wall street cash because they are modern day robin hoods./s
mushrooms put a stop to the traumatic events that played over in my head every single day . they did what adhd medicines were suppose to do for me . i couldn ’ t look anyone in the eyes for my entire life until i took a large dose of mushrooms . these plants aren ’ t a miracle for everyone , but they are for a certain people . what helps me might not help someone else , while someone else may be helped with kratom . the “ not your body not your choice ” crowd needs to learn to practice what they preach . i should be allowed to help myself as i see fit .
the trump monarchy
you can declare bankruptcy and absolve yourself of that debt . your car will be repossessed and liquidated . also if they lied to you you should sue them .
you 're assuming we get to step 3 again . that 's not a given unfortunately .
`` unions can be a source of stability as well as class conflict '' no , unions are never the cause of class conflict , it 's the working class standing up for itself instead of being steamrolled . unions are the response to class conflict from above .
deleted
too polarizing to be part of any successful ge strategy
deleted
it 's not the trump fallacy , it 's the `` too many americans are fucking morons '' fallacy
try to stay on topic cowboy
why did it have to be either of them . take someone who would do a good job , someone with some experiences in ambassadorship . do n't take a fucking tv show host . wtf , what was that even thought of as a good idea ?
yeah your right ! the syntax is much more important then the message !
nz pm checking in : wtf ?
deleted
i think he 's got it under control .
sure . but conflicts of interest are mostly about the appearance of a conflict . not saying rfk was n't qualified he was .
& gt ; i 'd like to know what evidence you have of obama killing american citizens that stood up to or criticized the american government .
removed
can i borrow someone 's pearls ? i crushed mine into dust over bike lock guy .
god it is so cringe ! even trudeau is cringing and he is polite af lol
i think he means that a country with leaders that have felt it necessary to ally with a quasigenocidal theocratic terrorist state saudi arabia , make defending an apartheid state israel their number one military priority , get all of their products from an explicitly genocidal totalitarian panopticon state china , and directly kill at least hundreds of thousands if not millions of civilians in drone strikes and bombings abroad does n't really have much room to talk shit about atrocities . yes , north korea is terrible , but nobody can pretend that the only reason that we 're not willing to look the other way about it is n't just because they are n't benefiting us in some way with their existence . that 's not to mention that if america had never killed anybody we would n't even be here . somebody else would have come along and wiped out the american indians .
deleted
i ’ ve never seen more deleted comments .
& gt ; i think cracking and packing are bad specifically because they support a political party . so you do n't think reducing the voters ' political power is bad unless it is intended to help a political party ? if it 's to keep blacks out of a school district , that is n't bad , since it does n't support a political party ? & gt ; if you gerrymander in one instance and that 's bad , then by definition not gerrymandering would be good . no , that would only be true if gerrymandering in all instances were bad . you can gerrymander for good and bad reasons .
& gt ; the devil in the details apparently did n't send a memo to new zealand . new zealand is not the usa and does not have the legal framework protecting gun rights like the 2a and and multiple legal decisions affirming it . which is why they could literally without a vote of the people enact a nation wide mandate that confiscated private property from thousands of people . and how well has that gone exactly ? ? swimingly it seems . & gt ; they have moral indignation . & gt ; gun nuts do n't . how dare we care about a right actively exercised by at least 1/3 to 1/2 of the nation . what monsters we are to not bend over backwards to allow that right to be trampled on at will by those ignorant about guns , how they work and current laws regarding them . and god forbid we actually try to educate people on the important technical nuances of the thing they try to legislate because then we are nuts and ammo sexuals and gunsplainers .
i 'm fine with people that say a multipayer approach like germany is better to achieving universal healthcare , rather than single payer . that is not the argument that bernie 's opponents are making . that is not the discussion that we 're having in this country . germany guarantees healthcare and they have highly regulated nonprofit insurance companies . joe biden and mayor pete are not saying that we need to be like germany . they 're not arguing for a universal healthcare system . they 're saying that we need to have a public option . & amp ; # x200b ; bernie is proposing a single payer system . he might think it makes the most sense , or he might just think that it 's the simplest plan to explain to the american people . the important thing is that he wants us to guarantee healthcare as a right . once we all agree on that , we can argue about the details . but only a few candidates have gotten to that point .
i wonder about those bot attacks on harris .
on the deaths of citizens in a country directly caused by world leaders actions tucker : shit happens . well that ’ s it . i didn ’ t think we ’ d get there yet but it ’ s official . republicans are now endorsing sacrifices for “ the greater good . ”
not hating an entire group of people because the actions of some people in that group ? get with the program kamala .
so argue that point instead of making it sound like his threats of murder are justified to prevent a tax increase .
it ’ s not semantics . it ’ s you not thinking all that hard about what he ’ s actually saying . we ’ re in agreement that his primary intent is to justify why it ’ s ok for trump to kiss his ass . and he ’ s doing it by essentially saying “ yeah north korea is bad , but they don ’ t seem all that bad when you compare their human rights atrocities to everybody else ’ s. ” there really isn ’ t any other way to spin that .
i bet she calls him daddy .
if i got blown as hard as kim probably did , i 'd be wheezing too .
hi ` alaska1415 ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your comment has been removed for the following reason s : your comment does not meet our comment civility rules . please be civil . if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
trump ’ s talking points , as well as those close to him , are becoming increasingly fascist . there are currently detention camps and an overpowered government agency rounding people up and putting them into these camps . if you aren ’ t afraid of what this government is doing and is capable of , you aren ’ t paying attention . this is very real and if things continue the way they ’ ve gone , prepare yourself for the first dictator in american history .
the part where what the senate does has no baring on the house doing its job . what part of congressional oversight and high crimes and misdemeanors do you not understand ?
omfg ... . but at least he is honest about his ideology .
how dare someone move up in life from earlier jobs
& gt ; because raw footage of an assault is propaganda ? okay ? more like raw sewage . information published by an untrustworthy source is worthless and a waste of my time .
man the standards democrats and women have to meet , when your opponent calls all hispanics rapists and murderers , and posts fake racist crime stats from an actual neo nazi . guess moral character is only for dems .
deleted
it certainly adds to my general feeling that the rich , in some sense , farm the rest of us . they may not sow , but they sure do reap and harvest .
they 'd choose beto before warren . beto is extremely socially progressive and ready to spend like most liberals , but also not willing to destroy capitalism for the sake of political theater .
a military style weapon .
ide rather people attack her for being fickle about medicare for all . people are really depending on a president that will stand up for single payer and she has backtracked twice now .
i would be confused being asked this shitass question too
what 's sad is this is now accepted rhetoric in america . tucker carlson will still have his show and sponsors tomorrow and everyone will forget hes even said this in less than a week . & amp ; # x200b ; couple years ago when america was halfway sane youd probably get fired over meeting with a brutal dictator and agreeing that , yeah you got ta kill a few people when you run a country . not anymore
removed
and how would you suggest doing that ? would you delay relieving these people of their suffering for the purpose of making it `` more fair '' ?
okay , so you see a conflict . good . republicans thought it was horrible for kennedy , but fine for trump to demand loyalty from his ag and everybody else around him .
doublethink is a beautiful term because the term itself is a euphemism for euphemism . fascists love to rebrand another euphemism for euphemism horrible things as something else then point to the fact that its called something else and call progressives stupid because well its not a concentration camp its a detention center they are n't killing kids like the nazis did its not the same thing at all . what they are doing is doublethink and it is so god damn frustrating to argue against someone who is entrenched in their belief that two things called different things ca n't possibly be the same thing . `` a rose by any other name would be just as sweet . ''
deleted
& gt ; except they did n't . the free bacon funded opposition research on trump from fusion gps that concluded before steele was retained . you : they did not fund it . watch as i explain in detail how they did in fact fund it .
removed
notte badde is the district attorney . geeze . get it straight , man .
sanders bill makes trade schools free as well . so someone wanting to become an electrician or plumber can get that education and licensing without a 5 year apprenticeship .
makes you wonder who ’ s the biggest obstructor in d.c. , mcconnell or pelosi ? i think they get their money from the same sources—just different pact names !
well , if anyone thought the media was n't pushing the apprentice : the white house for another season , let this article lay those hopes to rest .
“ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . ''
removed
see i got ta disagree . from what i ’ ve seen and heard she carries herself really well , stays on task and asks tough questions . everyone slips up . i mean if your judging her just on her wells fargo testimony , that seems to be disingenuous . i know media these days is highly personal but i think you may see her a bit differently by broadening your media consumption . i also disagree about the media propping her up . she just happens to speak her mind without fear of losing voters , which i wish all of em would do props to amash for doing the same . i also believe the right leaning media outlets cover her more than the “ mainstream ” . idk if your new here or if you coming from td but if you stick around and check out the articles , i think you ’ ll see a difference in the type of coverage she gets from the right/left . also like the dude mentioned below , she graduated close to the top of her class at one of the better schools on the east coast . edit : words
to cover the girls in any showers ?
source that big donors in dem party want her ? and even if they do could that be because she ’ s a strong candidate and they would prefer a dem candidate winning ?
removed
i think harris would do a great as vp , but i don ’ t think she ’ d take the gig . she sees herself as more of a head chef than a soux chef , imho .
what did he say that was wrong ? in context please .
yeah , are you ? you started out saying that she narrowly beats republicans . now you ’ re saying she was “ unopposed ” for ag when she ran twice against republicans and won . you didn ’ t specify unopposed in the primary , as if that ’ s even relevant to a discussion of whether or not she can beat trump . and on top of that , she literally beat democrat loretta sanchez for her senate seat . first she won the primary , then she won the election . she has beaten opponents from both parties , and only once narrowly when she wasn ’ t wellknown in the state yet . look , if you oppose her , you should make a clear case . it ’ s not going well .
lgbt rights is an actual victory . 20 years ago , no company would dare acknowledge the existence of the lgbt community other than to make a joke at their expense , support conversion therapy , or show them as a sinner who got what they deserved . nowadays , we have rainbow items and pride month sales .
the documentaries of adam curtis hypernormalization , bitter lake , several others the documentaries the four hourseman , 13th , pbs american experience oklahoma city bombing all available on either netflix or amazonprime the entire video archives at frontline the in our time archives at bbc4 read anything by noam chomsky , chris hedges , howard zinn , and robert fisk the autobiography of malcolm x all the presidents men that ’ s a good start .
i 've found myself rearguing 2016 over and over and over again ... this is not organic .
i already cited the latter . and the racism is an unfortunate result of insulation , but it doesn ’ t seem to be a large problem like it is in america .
they 're not scared . they 're pushing the narrative that biden can defeat trump to get the other side all in with a lukewarm candidate .
removed
deleted
read the mueller report . every single time trump lies about russian contacts or has a secret meeting , every embarrassing detail or illicit activity putin knows about trump is compromising material . the us president is wholly compromised by putin .
deleted
calls a group of people kkk then says they need to be killed . pot meet kettle .
“ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . ''
reddit doesn ’ t want any peace with north korea if trumps gon na be the one to do it . very sad
americans are forced to pay for it . illegals get it for free . got it . makes sense .
so much yes . tucker carlson had been on my etr menu for years .
i ’ m aware , and i don ’ t have a problem with her approach it ’ s just demonstrating that nobody really has their healthcare plan shit together yet . that was the point . it ’ s an overarching framework they ’ re signing into , warren has a different idea of how it would be paid for etc .
and that ’ s exactly why universal suffrage was never a thing until last century . it was well understood that you can ’ t give people the vote when they aren ’ t equipped to use it properly . that genie ’ s out of the bottle now and we can ’ t put it back in . e : i see that this isn ’ t a popular comment . if you look at the history of democracy universal suffrage was never practiced until the last century . suffrage was broadened over time as the population became more educated and thus better equipped to understand the value and power of their vote . yes , women should have got the vote much earlier than they did , but the right to vote wasn ’ t given to the general population from the outset .
healthcare should be available to every human , their legal status doesn ’ t represent their value . however , the democrats clearly do not want open borders . they just don ’ t want a wall .
we should have a qualified everything but it ’ s dementia donald and his power grubbing grifter fambily
what a weird thing to say lmao .
they did the right thing . ignoring her . she hasn ’ t earned the right to be a diplomat . no experience . talks out her butt . has a fascist dictator for a father who alienates our allies , coddles autocrats , attempts to unilaterally want a war and expects those he insults to then come to his aid when they know he is wrong ? yeah , sure , ivanka solve our problems .
it 's seriously like one of those movie scenes where the awkward loser tries to pretend to be a part of the conversation i thought it only happened in movies
except he 's saying it about north korea that kills mostly it 's own people .
who the fuck asks that and expects a real answer ?
removed
deleted
removed
740 actually.. this time for real
right ? wtf kind of question is that
`` ... .caught off guard by an absurd question ''
yes , the economy we ended up with was ideal and the banks were as accountable for their actions as everyday people .
how is he normalizing it anymore than the newsreader is normalizing murder ?
it 's funny that `` the deep state '' meme has become so ingratiated into the right wing mindset . like the liberals are coming to eat thier babies whilst in most all government buildings , the tv is permanently tuned to fox news .
“ news entertainment ” smdh lmfao wtf
i agree . a month from now , after the next debates , we shall see .
i didn ’ t see any evidence . even if there was evidence , i would want the antigunners to give us something in return . it should be a compromise from both sides , not us giving up more rights .
there is no bottom
oh no its actually 100 % and out of context when you chop it all up `` “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr carlson added “ but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with. ” he literally says if you lead a country there will be deaths , and then implies its not right what the north koreans do . and then he acknowledges the atrocities our own allies have done .
the democratic debates are already breaking ratings records . the debates between him and the nominee will be the most watched in history . there is no way he does n't show up . if he does n't the nominee will hold town hall after town hall , calling him out like bernie did to positive reviews on fox news .
yeah , but you 're the one taking it right now , so ...
yeah and you have a man and political party complicit do they can stay in power . too bad americans will forget about it like always after the next democrat gets elected .
our european allies , obviously .
she literally smashed blackberry devices with a hammer and had stuff acid washed .
i 'm not sure the bubble your in , but anecdotally i know a metric fuck ton of lgbt gen z folks . # density this seems to imply that 25 % of lgbt folks are in the 1824 range . though the data is limited since they only start counting at 18 . that 's a fairly substantial chunk . and while numerically you may be correct in saying most lgbt are before gen z , you 'd be equally correct in saying most & lt ; insert any random demographic & gt ; was before gen z since they 're the youngest meaningful generation at the moment .
i have the same outlook with prostitution . soliciting hookers sometimes means killing people .
everything is a conspiracy
you 're going to find that a lot of progressives are going to have issues voting biden , i think .
what a jerk , be born rich and ignorant instead
what a world we live in when judges need to order you to provide care for your prisoners .
did you just copy the whole article ? edit . i was n't shitting on him for fucks sake . i was gon na thank him
lol . nice one on the transcript . vacuousness is the perfect adjective to describe ivanka . take my upvote .
& gt ; the users who have rejected biden do n't hate him really ? there were about 10 threads today attacking biden as a homophobe for pointing out how much his administration helped lgbt people . that kind of delusion is pure hatred . when you have to distort reality to try to smear a guy , you 're too far gone .
why would they continue coming for people after they got rid of all the problems ?
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think you know what `` whataboutism '' means , i am staying directly on topic in terms of human deaths associated to a county 's leader .
joe biden : fuck the people , just do n't say fuck the people
& gt ; and getting nothing in return are you uninformed , or are you just lying ? i say this as someone who spent many a day in mopp gear while missiles flew overhead from nk . they have stopped testing their icbm , and medium range missiles . kim invited inspectors to visit the punggyeri nuclear test site to confirm that it has been irreversibly dismantled . they have returned remains from the korean war ^see ^also that we have sought for nearly 6 decades . the leaders of north and south korea have had direct talks , including crossing the border together for the first time since the outbreak of the war in the 1950s . but it 's nothing because you desperately need it to be nothing .
if you are a daughter of a billionaire ... then it is.. if my dad was a billionaire , i would not work a day
jfc . i 'd say something snarkier but my ghast is truly flabbered .
yessss
who do you think will drop out after the next round of debates in a month ?
he was doing both . did you read it ?
illegal immigrants still pay taxes , but you wouldn ’ t know that since you listen to what ever garbage you hear and regurgitate it out without any fact checking .
lmao republicans are scared of her . this is the classic `` when did you stop beating your wife question ? ''
while they completely ignore the fact they they created the federal antinepotism statute because jfk made bobby kennedy his us attorney general , aka , the bobby kennedy law . another fine example of “ okay for me but not for thee . ”
what do you have against people who had to work for what they have ?
took the words right outta my mouth ! angry pitchforks !
bobby was not just an advisor . he was the ag .
yep , that 's another motive for their attacks .
yawn ...
i 'd guess because central american immigrants are dying in federal custody ... this will help conservatives justify it as `` just another day ofrunning the country '' .
removed
if everyone starts at the same level , what social good will the money go to ?
deleted
nope , they buy stocks back in their company , store money in the cayman islands , and buy up mortgages . they also buy ridiculous pieces of art with inflated prices . now poor people , they spend their entire paycheck as a consumer and truly stimulate the economy .
very true !
& gt ; the postdebate survey has a 2point margin of error ,
removed
you guys are gon na get that mean old retired grandmother one of these years !
i noticed the sharia law comment too . i don ’ t think that is an actual thing any muslim outside afghanistan or saudi arabia actual wants , let alone would protest for .
alrighty then ... .
if someone asked me why i do n't hate black people , i 'd be `` caught off guard '' because oh holky fcuk i did n't realize i was supposed to what kind of a fucking asinine `` gotcha '' is that supposed to be in your tiny wet mind you fuckedup pervert excuse for a blogger ?
so then the only other possible explanation is you have some warped view of what the word 'normal ' means
removed
i think the seperator is whos being killed foreign people or their own citizens , which is why the statement is odd to say the least
moral character , intellectual consistency , not being a serial felon or rapist . all of those have only been applied to democrats for decades . the media has laid the divine right of kings on republicans , where all of their actions are assumed to be correct and good and anything that deviates from them must be questioned or destroyed outright .
i appreciate when the mask comes off and we just get the prince style quotes from these political people
& gt ; all trumps go to jail so that includes tiffany and baron ? yea that sounds pretty blind to me , putting people in prison for belonging to a particular family .
deleted
removed
just fake news all day long .
i think they are committing genocide ... . not getting ready
not really but they got ta latch on to any little thing that can make the left look bad and blow it way way up . same thing rush limbaugh does with tumblr .
get this fucker off the air
you suggest even more ridiculous things than him , basically as a means of pointing out how ridiculous he was being in the first place . so instead of saying no wall , it 's not the american way , it 's too much money , too easy to get around that 's too much logic bro you say great idea , but oh lets electrify it and put a moat around it , oh and one side we will have a snake pit and the other side.. sharks with lasers !
removed
that ’ s why she has prince phillip . :
us bookhouse boys got ta stick together !
there 's no defending it , , proceeds to defending it .
removed
neutral on the scale of `` positive neutral negative '' does n't mean `` objective '' . when reporting , newsreaders do n't give their opinion on the murder normally . what tucker carlson said is his own opinion . that is the difference .
i sold my pitchfork for some avocado toast , can i borrow one ?
wassup fellow sf bartender !
they will dig her up and put her on trial .
upvoted for `` flames . '' edit : what , you guys would rather she slammed ivanka ? or maybe clapped back ?
are you saying that the abundance of medical literature supporting transitioning , and the dearth of medical literature criticizing transitioning , are due to a widespread personal bias among researchers , rather than being the consistent results of the medical research ?
it ’ s more of an insult than a precise description . but he has openly praised elizabeth warren .
personally i would n't put that on his daughter who has n't done anything wrong . especially since he probably would n't take her accusations seriously if something like that did happen to her .
coming from a bartender . ugh .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel like we should talk more about this than what tucker carlson said today .
the infinite nadir
yeah , those 20 years are nbd . champ .
haha it ’ s a joke or serious ?
um , well ... fox host tucker carlson defends north korean regime : ‘ leading a country means killing people ’
i was talking about morals , not some intentionally misinterpreted rule about militias . but go ahead , act like you care about what 's best for average americans .
such a christian .
trump knows : `` propaganda is information that is not objective and is used primarily to influence an audience and further an agenda , often by presenting facts selectively to encourage a particular synthesis or perception , or using loaded language to produce an emotional rather than a rational response to the information that is presented . '' ... a tool of fascist governments send only to fear mongering .
trump 2020 !
agreed . having a specific job does not make anyone better or worse than anyone else .
i do n't understand why they were assassinated without due process ur relevant ... ? youre just demonstrating tuckers point ...
they want their garmonbozia !
this article give us a good beginning list of some of the corporatists who are totally screing us because of this administration .
and he ’ s not even successful in the first place .
there is no requirement for asylum seekers to stay in the first country they enter . i doubt that if you plainly state `` i support border security '' , anyone would call you racist . it would all depend on how you say it , and what else you say . border security is n't something most democrats are against . it depends on the approach , and must also include some method of improving the legalization process . including asylum seekers .
and a vat is broader , it isn ’ t just working americans , it ’ s tourists , immigrants etc that have to pay it . 75 million tourists come here each year 3 % of our gdp comes from these folks . it ’ s 1.6 trillion dollars we can tax . so tell me why we are against a vat but want to pay for healthcare with a payroll tax ?
how long until we hear someone on the republican side is cutting her a check to contain her party and keep it from knocking it out of the park ?
as always , the projection reminds one of an imax theater .
if someone killed him and wrote a manifesto saying “ a lot of countries kill journalists and tv personalities . including a number that the united states of american are closely allied with 🤷🏽‍♂️ ” i wonder how fox would run it .
these are n't terrorists . terrorism is the use of violence to make people concede politically . it is especially terrorism when it is used against civilians . the state government is trying to force a vote that legally does not have to pass if these republicans do n't show up . additionally if this was so popular they would let the citizenry vote on it directly , but of course that would be risky so they ram it through the government . & amp ; # x200b ; these officials are no more terrorists than someone who defends oneself from an aggressor . regardless , you do you honey booboo .
& gt ; the trump administration official boasted about the unemployment rate and recent stock market growth before wallace pushed back , saying , “ let me interrupt your campaign speech. ” & gt ; & gt ; “ it ’ s not a campaign speech , ” kudlow retorted . “ i ’ m citing facts and figures , my friend. ” & gt ; & gt ; wallace then pointed to income inequality in america , playing a clip of sen. bernie sanders ivt. speaking on the wealth gap during last week ’ s democratic debate . & gt ; & gt ; '' all i 'm saying is this : i do n't think there 's any question , you would agree , and there are ... there is clearly a stark income inequality in this country , '' wallace added . & gt ; & gt ; he then challenged kudlow to give a 30second answer on how trump would reduce the wealth gap between the rich and the poor in the u.s.. & amp ; # x200b ; kudlow and trump do not have an answer to reduce the wealth gap because they have no plan or desire to do so .
trump ’ s too much of a coward to play through . this should be trump sending mulvaney his caddy to fetch his ball out of the water hazard .
yup . they let a reporter in one of the camps but they were n't allowed to view the whole thing . they also were n't allowed to take pictures . even with the clean up job , the reporter said shit was still clearly fucked . and that 's with a clean up .
removed
she has a phd . i believe her appointment to the clinton foundation is unpaid .
deleted
whatabout
like the tide . in , out , ca n't explain it .
bernie sanders protested and was arrested for it against segregation in the 70s . you want me to believe he holds racist views ? that ’ s bull crap . you ’ re making shit up and should feel bad
that 's really sad .
til the word 'rote . ' it 's sad how useful this word is going to be , but it 's a very nice one nonetheless , ty ! i 'd wager they did n't learn from emily post ...
i ’ m not a democrat and i don ’ t really support this woman in just about any arena , but she ’ s right . some of the most intelligent things i ’ ve ever heard have come from the most unexpected of places and some of the dumbest people i ’ ve ever met have had masters degrees . that someone tried to use one of her old jobs as a bartender to demean her is disgusting .
how can anyone on our side support giving so many billions to people that have proven they 're a threat ?
me : 1 they did not fund it 2 that has nothing to do whatsoever with this campaign finance violation
man do i miss celebrity death match on mtv
it has an idiot conspiracy issue that the russians and bots may use again to sway the election , but you 're an example of how they will attempt to influence us . i wonder if the `` hillary stole the election from bernie '' crowd understand that they were the primary targets for the actual bots and influencers in 2016 .
probably thinks he can have her run and get elected to after her term he could run again ...
& gt ; yeah , i 'm a glass is 1 % full kind of guy . but gas is a fluid . 100 % full of fluids .
neither is solely being someone ’ s wife/husband
removed
have n't the last like 9 us presidents been untried war criminals ? how many kids did obama kill alone ? and trump in his first month ? north korea is technically better than the us
as a hypothetical question , get a hypothetical answer ?
tucker carlson is antiisolationist .
removed
americans owe $ 1.6 trillion + in student debt . this amount of debt amounts on the personal level to a second rent payment in many instances . were this amount of debt to be forgiven , it would have multiple benefits . immediately , it will enable indebted working class and middle class families to participate in ways previously forbidden to them . without student debt , graduates will be more likely to find and pursue jobs that fulfill them . indirectly , so long as student debt exists , this makes universally free college education less likely as there would still be people who say things along the lines of `` i worked 300 hours a week and paid my way through college , so should everybody else '' or similar stories . these kinds of stories are great personal achievements , but that this type of story is for familiar to us serves as a proof that it can never become the expectation . forgiving student debt makes these excuses disappear . sanders 's proposal would pay to forgive student debt via a 0.5 % tax on financial transactions . this tax will primarily impact the very wealthy and as such will not be a tax on the working class to pay for the upper class . by forgiving student debt and thus making universal higher education free at the point of use , we make education more accessible to all classes , especially the working class . you say that college is already foreclosed to people before finishing high school , and in many cases this is class based . that factor disappears by decommodifying education in the way that the senator has proposed . of course more funding needs to be allotted to k12 such that other barriers to college are removed . free college education coupled to increased k12 funding enables more teachers to be hired at better wages , as well as relieved new teachers of student debt . more can be said , but my 15 minute break is over
removed
unless they 're commies .
they must really be mad about the trump campaign conspiring with russian and trump obstructing justice .
he was literally the one who convinced trump not to strike iran the other day .
deleted
so in tucker 's mind if someone kills an innocent american and happen to be running a country it is fine . this is small issue that osama forgot .
jesus your a gullible one hey ?
well no . its just easy for people to disguise their nefarious goals under the mask of anonymity .
you made the assertion , you provide the source . it 's acceptable to say `` just google it '' when responding to someone who is arguing in bad faith , for instance someone says `` prove trump lies '' , because that is common knowledge . but the assertion that obama ordered drone strikes to purposely kill americans to avoid due process ? that 's some conspiracy level shit you are going to have to back up .
i 'm not bragging . the problem with the left when it comes to the issue of iq is that you think the other side is gloating about having a higher iq . iq is no different than height , skin color , etc. , in that we have little control over it . why would anyone brag about something they did nothing to achieve ? not to mention whites do not have the highest average iqs . both asians and jews have us beat . my point of bringing in other variables is that there 's simply no contest here . add iq in on top , and it 's an argument no honest person would take .
watching the clip i was waiting for ivanka to panic and say that she invented postit notes just to impress everyone . edit : first gold ! thanks stranger !
it 's incompetence too . trump buys into his own bullshit . he simultaneously argues that he hires the best people while railing against the idea of hiring people smarter than yourself . he walks into a room and thinks he 's the smartest one there . the cognitive dissonance and crippling narcissism are fed by a lifetime of failing upward . the end result might carry some level of intention on trump 's part , but you ca n't separate it from his abject incompetence . and do n't forget that trump is often his own worst enemy . even when he intends something he stands a good chance of undercutting his own position because he cared about some superficial goal more than the actual result .
really ... fox news ' fools , it is not hard to understand that trump 's manufactured crisis digressed into a real crisis due to his blatant mismanagement of the border .
because you 're ripping families apart and putting 4 month olds in the care of 48 year olds . donnie dumbass made it a fucking problem .
why are all the people who were howling about a `` coronation '' 4 years ago suddenly acting as arbiters of who is allowed to run for the party 's nomination ? let the voters decide .
removed
`` socialism ! horrors ! '' the tenth film from quentin quarantino , coming this fall .
brown people coming to rape your daughters & gt ; manufactured trump and stephen miller torturing children as a matter of policy & gt ; crisis
kamala harris is not a real progressive . she wo n't fight for medicare for all , green new deal , living wage , or any other progressive cause .
i guess it depends how on how you look at it . cnn , like most new organisations of the free world are ideologically liberal . so whilst they do not side with a party , the democratic party still aligns better with their views . so , like you said , news reported from a `` liberal '' viewpoint will inherently make republicans look bad . cnn are definitely not `` left '' , but they are left of the republicans . so the problem lies within having a centreright and a farright party , making the center one `` left '' and thus , in a sense , biased .
whatabout hillary ?
did hannity just sink into the muck ? where has he been ?
imagine being so violent and deranged you agree with this level of violence used against someone you disagree with , `` fascist '' or not . violence used for political gain or to silence political opponents is terrorism . anybody who refuses to watch this clip because it will burst their bubble is ignorant .
here ’ s to hoping they comply . never stop fighting
no problem lol . i ’ m not actually that busy it ’ s just become a habit more than anything . always down to talk politics
surprised there aren ’ t more , he ’ s one of the most famous and one of the most hated people in the world right now . innocent until proven guilty bub , they aren ’ t supposed to be proved to be lying they are supposed to prove they are telling the truth
is his podcast entitled `` more news now '' ?
yup . the gop knows how dangerous she is to their politics , so they are priming the rightwing hate machine .
removed
is there a version of this with more items on both sides of the line ? there should be .
removed
i honestly think that republicans do n't think the border patrol is real .
deleted
——€ hope you like fancy pitchforks
what was his opinion in the second statement according to you ?
& gt ; a lot of people are surprised ... trumpslation : `` i had no idea ''
the apple does n't fall far from the tree .
maybe because you ’ re thanking me for comparing your actions to nazis people don ’ t like nazis
already not cozying up in public . they were very good at concealing their foreign policy motives .
first , thanks for a well thought out and well written response . hard to find these days . secondly , and this may come as a surprise to you and those reading the thread , i 'm actually leaning towards harris in the primary and have since she entered . i thought her points were legitimate in the debate , and i would agree that biden totally missed the mark/point in that response . i would say his record does n't really support the idea that he 's a proponent of separate but equal though . it 's long been a problem of his to frame his ideas in very insensitive ways though , and he should be rightfully criticized for that . i 'm more focused on the idea though about a politician voting with the desires of their constituents , even in cases where the position of those constituents is at best questionable . it 's literally their job to do so . democracy does n't work if they do n't . when politicians feel they can overide their constituents to make the morally correct choice , it can often weaken the effectiveness of that decision . people reject it , and then work doubly to overturn it . legislation built purely on moral stances is in general far less effective than when you take the time to convince people of the correctness of your decision . there are those that say just covering everyone 's heathcare completely is a moral failure since they may have made decisions that lead to their health problems . do you enshrine the idea that they can just take it away when they win an election because it 's the `` right '' thing to do in their eyes ? in short it may be painful but this is how it 's supposed to work . both obama and sanders have it right : if you want change you need to have the people behind you , otherwise it just wo n't last or will be intentionally screwed up .
math , how does it work ?
why say it ? it 's such an obvious a statement to say `` all leaders must kill people '' its pointless to say out loud . no one disputes that leaders have to kill people . what matters much more is who and how and why the leader kills . the only reason to bring it up is whataboutism , which serves to downplay the actions of one party by saying `` everbody does it '' . it 's like if i took a shit on the floor of my friends apartment , and i defended it by saying `` well , everyone shits '' .
i think it ’ s you that is confused & gt ; creating a 4 percent incomebased premium paid by employees , exempting the first $ 29,000 in income for a family of four that is a payroll tax
so they did fund it . gotcha .
just go ask the people on r/wallstreetbets for their opinions on the economy they are all very very informed and always making profound observations
& gt ; “ i ’ m not a relativist or anything really not anything .
put the fire out in the kitchen before talking about remodeling .
removed
that ’ s always a good question to check sources , thank you for asking . unfortunately the article was from 2017 and i ’ m having trouble finding it now . these two are the closest that come to what i ’ m talking about . trump was shocked government couldn ’ t be run like one of his businesses trump was shocked america ’ s top general did not make $ 5 million a year , and only earns $ 200,000
cool . interrupt other candidates repeatedly and mention very little of your policy = huge jump in the pools . i was n't a fan of her policies to begin with and her past record as a prosecutor , but i was really irritated with her during the debates.. especially after the obviously rehearsed `` food fight '' comment , which was just a major grandstanding moment . warren , sanders and pete stuck to their policy during the debates , were respectful of other candidates , and dropped in the polls for their efforts . yang only talked policy , and was mocked for it . even castro and booker , who really stood out during the first debate by clearly framing who they are and what they believed in , did n't get a good boost . no , it 's the candidate who `` clapped back '' at , conveniently , the frontrunner on the race who gained support . this is how we lose elections and end up with disingenuous candidates who are democrat in name only . we have an amazing field of candidates to choose from , and there 's a pretty diverse range of policy platforms , backed by candidates who seem to earnestly champion their causes . in terms of nomination , swalwell , biden and harris are the worst case scenario candidates in my opinion .
well , sometimes i do really well , sometimes not so much . i couldn ’ t make what i do by working for someone else . i do better than i should , statistically , without going too deep , i grew up very rough , very poor , had to leave home at an early age . going to college was literally a fantasy . i ’ m highly skilled at what i do , make a decent living . but i don ’ t have a lot of flexibility as far as career paths . if free college would have been an option when i was younger , it would have been life changing . a lot of my circle of friends and family are in a similar boat . i guess i ’ m fighting for others to have opportunities that i didn ’ t . health insurance is very cost prohibitive , both in the installments and the deductibles . i ’ m fighting for a single payer system so that people like me don ’ t have to get sick and lose everything we ’ ve worked our lives for .
yep , that 's fox .
jesus tittiefucking christ
pistol caliber machine gun . like an uzi or mac10 .
i am open to being convinced that harvard is a net force for good in this world but you would have to show that it does good well above and beyond what any regular school does because it clearly does evil above and beyond what regular universities do . good and bad people come out of any university but especially atrocious ones come out of harvard and are specifically empowered by the cultural and frankly economic place harvard occupies . being able to network with the power brokers of the world turns out to not be that useful for good people for some reason . good luck finding people who outweigh henry kissinger , george w bush , robert mcnamara , frank carlucci and elliot abrams .
the top offending comment referenced the inability to prepare an omelet without engaging in the behavior tucker defended
deleted
he wanted to get fingercuffed by a couple of micropenii
it ’ s a racist question .
because the coverup is unraveling .
what a moron . you wan na lose an election ? this is how you do it . the 2a conspiracy people are probably salivating over this .
resigning would be a start .
oooh , that is fancy .
just fine , i assume . `` blue lives matter '' is a euphemism for `` black lives do n't matter '' . they do n't give a shit about cops .
by our powers combined , we form moneytron !
_____ claims clinton ______ over ____ and ____ it 's like mad libs with you people
he 's nearly fucking 80 . so is sanders for that manner . neither of them should be president . it might be ageism , whatever . but when you have 24 candidates to pick from , you can afford to choose somewhere younger and progressive .
that romney woman too .
aimed at the true believer not those of us who don ’ t inhale the gasses this ailing body leaks
i do n't have any student loans , but if the democrats are looking to buy lifelong voters , i 'll become an active registered democrat for about $ 10k , which is quite a discount . where do i sign up ?
removed
as bad as this is , one of the few people i despise more than tucker carlson is john bolton .
this submission has been automatically removed because it comes from a social media domain . there are privacy concerns , as well as concerns with content being nonverifiable when it comes from social media sources . more information can be found here i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
make their insurance cover it .
attorney general ?
not bartending .
this is the exact kind of shit future generations will absolutely condemn us for allowing . you know how you feel about slave owners ? that 's exactly how they 'll see every one of us .
jon stewart completely broke this dude 's mind . lol .
certainly possible .
it went from being a manufactured crisis to concentration camps . trump was right all along . people won ’ t like to hear this truth and probably downvote
just want to add in that every president ever has been compared to hitler . and before hitler , every president ever has been compared to a pharaoh
removed
got a credible source for any of this ? not denying it ’ s true but i ’ ve heard these stories before and i ’ m just curious about the validity .
no i ’ m waiting
the following comment will never not be appropriate or valid : `` tucker carlson is a worthless douchebag . ''
wait so are people with college loans the rich or the poor ?
it would be pretty motivating for democratic voters if biden bowed out next week . would kind of take the wind out of the sails for critics and put the attention on candidates that young dems want to vote for in a year and a fucking half from now .
um , is he trying to tell us something ?
deleted
absolutely it does have value , you outlined it in your response . i should broaden my reasoning to stemrelated , because it seems you applied your knowledge to a field that i would consider inside the `` technology '' aspect of stem . in your case , if you can show your skills and knowledge directly benefit one aspect of stem you should pay little to none in college loans . also i do n't want to put myself in a cage with the stem definition , as it certainly has it 's flaws as you have pointed out .
bernie and warren have called each other friends . you can ’ t act like that towards each other and really call yourself a supporter . bernie is doing just fine , right now he ’ s the only person beating biden in at least one state that isn ’ t his own . he needs to take some more shots at biden though . most biden supporters have bernie as their second option , he just has to get them over the line . i ’ m glad he didn ’ t in this last debate though . sitting back and letting harris wreck biden was the best thing he could have done .
why did n't you respond to any of the comments here
removed
sanders is also staunchly antiwar . nobody is going to believe biden will reform foreign policy which , by the way , is the arena in which a president has the most power . we do n't need the senate to draw back foreign military intervention .
see ? you do n't really care about evidence at all . you do n't really care about reducing gun deaths , either . you guys are all the same .
i do n't think she was being hypocritical because she was n't saying she was qualified to be there in her place . people who would be qualified are people a good understanding of international issues . ivanka had a degree in economics . cortez had a degree in both economics and international relations . cortez participated in many social activities aimed at improving the lives of people and lifting up communities . she also worked on bernie 's campaign in 2016 . it is not honest to say she was a bartender and nothing else . not only that , but she has had six months direct government experience after being elected to the house of representatives . you compare their education scores . it 's no surprise that wealthy famous people will likely get better grades , thanks to tutors and who knows what kind of influence that they may have . is it any surprise that someone who has to work to support themselves while being in college will have their grades suffer just a bit ? this says nothing about her capabilities in comparison , when one person had an obvious advantage . now while aoc was not saying that she was qualified , her education actually made her more suited for such an event because she had a degree in international relations , not just economics . so for you to say she was less qualified than ivanka to deal with international relations , when aoc has a degree in international relations , it makes no sense . you say it sad that she was elected . aoc has the education . she worked on campaigns previously . she was not a stranger to politics . but more than that , she actually cares about communities . she has proven this not only in what she has participated in but in what she communicates . and after she was elected , her protest of pelosi 's taking donor money shows she has integrity , and is not just doing this for power . if she was doing it for power , she would be cow towing to people like pelosi . i do n't see anything wrong and electing someone who has these qualities . in fact it is pretty awesome that someone who did not come from a lot of money was able to do this . we need more people who want to get money out of politics . and so far , aoc is proving to be that kind of politician . we want politics to be based on the people , not companies trying to make money . you succeed in business by being cut throat and stepping on other people . at least if you watched the apprentice , this was her father 's philosophy . i do n't see how ivanka 's experience in business makes her someone we should prefer to be making decisions about us , because that 's what it seemed you were implying .
the most directly proven and confirmed of the examples i 've given , outside of the iraq war , was the one concerning france and gadaffi 's gold . many of the others rely on the fact that the same people who talked us into iraq under false claims of wmds are the ones doing the persuading . when it comes to france and gadaffi 's gold there 's direct evidence though . hillary had that secret email server she swore contained no classified info and asked to have made public . the classified files in it never were , but among the unclassified emails released directly by the state department there was one which spelled out exactly the real reasons why why we went to war with lybia . you can still find it in the state department database , no link because they have intentionally made it impossible to link to files there directly , but you can search for it at it 's in the clinton email collection titled `` re : france 's client & amp ; qaddafi 's gold ''
tom joseph on twitter seems to think that trump is spiralling down both mentally and physically—i ’ ve seen some clips of trump walking that do seem like he has a lot of trouble keeping his balance or walking in a straight line .
deleted
removed
deleted
& gt ; a 2006 senate report on media ownership in canada also singled out new brunswick because of the irving companies ' ownership of all englishlanguage daily newspapers in the province . senator joan fraser , author of the senate report , stated , `` we did n't find anywhere else in the developed world a situation like the situation in new brunswick . '' the report went further , stating that `` the irvings ' corporate interests form an industrialmedia complex that dominates the province '' to a degree `` unique in developed countries . '' at the senate hearing , journalists and academics cited irving newspapers ' lack of critical reporting on the family 's influential businesses . any east coasters wan na tell the irvings to fuck off ?
removed

considering half of it is owned by saudi arabia and the other half by prosaudi conservatives , it ’ s pretty apparent what their agenda is .
removed
nics will deny a purchase if you mark `` yes '' to that question on your 4473 or if it turns up in your nics check . practically , seizing firearms from convicted felons/abusers is n't doable .
benefits are listed in the contract . don ’ t need a crystal ball
then jeb bush broke those campaign laws first .
deleted
making a political cartoon that the company finds not in line with its content would n't quality as discrimination .
other nations should be sanctioning us for this .
removed
where is your proof that : 1 the troops were ordered to kill nawar alawlaki 2 that she was killed at all i am sure you or pretty much anyone can possibly have such evidence . when it comes to probabilities then i give almost 100 % to the troops not being given an order to kill an 8 year old girl . as for whether she could have been killed accidentally . it is possible , but it is also quite possible that alqaeda just said she was for propaganda purposes .
removed
a pretty disgusting attempt to blur the line between historical context and the lessons that should be learned / normalizing nk 's contemporary actions with historical examples . you do n't compare past sins to ongoing atrocities and suggest `` well to make an omellete you have to break a few eggs . '' might as well have said '' to make an omelette you have you drop a 120mm artillery shell on an egg and machine gun the hen that laid it after making the other chickens in the coop watch before disappearing them all to a gulag. ”
i think he 's getting at the binary thinking that has led to much of our past foreign policy where we are happy to let generations suffer under economic sanctions so we do n't have to get off our high horse to interact with their countries leadership .
& gt ; i do n't understand why they were assassinated without due process ur relevant ... ? russiabot seems broken again , because this comment does n't make sense .
this is going to be used to justify violence against american citizens before nov 2020 . watch
deleted
trump 's worst nightmare is when fox news questions his `` accomplishments '' .
guess we should just give up then .
`` these rich people are choosing to have debt and accrue interest even though they can pay it off '' makes total sense . please keep using that talking point to people you know and love .
absolutely . biden 's `` do n't rock the boat '' will do absolutely nothing for turnout it 'll be a worse john kerry . add in a splash of his incredibly problematic past , and lots of people will decide to sit this one out entirely , regardless of the fact that trump is in office .
he is at least a chauvanistic bigot against middle eastern people , which is n't good . it 's never good to have to discriminate against the people a person does and does n't discriminate against , because discrimination is n't good in the first place . his populism seems to include people who are accepting of western lifestyle , and western/american civic values , without discrimination towards race . i 'm not sure if that terrible insult he leveled at middle eastern people was ad hoc because of his chauvanism , or if he had something against them per say on basis of ethnicity which would be bad and actually racist , but it seems to me more of the former , which is still terrible . i thought he was against the iraq war , and seems to be against every intervention i 've heard him talk about . these seem to fit the description of a culturally bigoted chavaunist who is a nationalistic populist . this is still terrible ; bigotry is never good or acceptable . i think this makes gabbard pragmaticist who sees not bombing individual middle eastern adults and children as the greater good than calling carlson out for his bigotry , knowing that they both have the same policy objective nonintervention . maybe you 're right , and this still is not the right way . the more i think about it , the more i know it 's true ... i just feel like the way resources in terms of the media are , it 's slim pickings to get the antiwar message out there : i think she 's using what 's available in that perspective of doing , to the greater good of minimizing deaths , knowing that if she does n't win the nom . or presidency , the message will be out on the mainstream , to move discussion and policy in that direction . i 'll bet she sees it as almost like a combat mission in this way seriously not trying to be tacky here ; to do whatever is necessary or talk to whoever she needs to in order to get peace . i think she said as much with actually meeting with those brutal dictators , which i do n't think she really needed to do and was kind of bad in that context . maybe talking to a bigot with a big platform is the wrong approach though , even if it does possibly save lives . i think it might be . maybe we 're making too many excuses for ourselves to justify some utilitarian end for too long , and that 's why we have so many problems at home and abroad . i think you might be right .
tucker ! so evil ! being a voice of reason in the presidents ear over the war loving neocons . such a bad guy ! what a terrible thing to say facts that leftists try to spin despite trying to tell the president he shouldn ’ t get in to a nonsense war with iran .
i never said that . this is what i ’ ve said on the matter .
removed
your morally based vote is unlikely to change their opinions , and in fact is likely to cause a backlash that leads to broader setbacks .
you randys really like the word `` fascist '' dont you .
you 're making shit up , i ca n't find anything about it . what a sad joke to accuse other people of being lazy to google it when you obviously never did to find out that it was never true . obama like many presidents before him has sent too many soldiers out to kill people , he has not sent drone strikes against american citizens , not unless you 're about to preach to me about alex jones and infowars .
this thread is so refreshing .
aoc isn ’ t much better ...
it 's at least refreshing to see that someone on the internet can change their minds . thanks for owning up to it
yeah right . otherwise , if that 's where their families came from , then why the fuck did they leave lol ? and how ironic ? that joe would say that right after mentioning russia 's divisive activity on facebook ? ! ?
this subreddit looks a lot like the dnc facebook page . out of context quotes pushed by dishonest journalists . classic !
this sub is very toxic , a man was beaten and yet they mock him and down play it . i wonder how they would feel if if happened to them .
removed
removed
i 'm not sure i understand your comment ... did you me you are now a left winger ? .. cause you said it like tucker carlson is on the left ?
at a certain point you just have to accept that the people supporting nazis are nazis .
ali alexander is a member of the alt right . it does n't matter what color his skin is . he is funded by an altright pac and is a trump supporter . he was literally bankrolled by robert mercer and he 's a total nutjob who supported the torch holding nazis in charlottesville . so , no . i do n't think anyone should take his argument as representative of the black community . you can dislike kamala harris for her policies and for what she has done while she is in office but defending ali alexander 's bullshit is basically defending the altright . he 's doing this shit to sow discord among the black community . be smarter .
new ideas are triggering for conservatives .
they are changing their tune to indicate that there is a crisis at the border but that the crisis was indeed manufactured by trump . the difference is that in manufacturing the perception of a crisis trump created the thing that he was pretending about originally . & amp ; # x200b ; brings whole new meaning to fake it till you make it .
wow ... i would not want tucker as my landlord . fucking psycho .
why does reducing gun deaths matter if people will use knives , bombs or trucks instead ?
i mean , reading everything we know now ... its perfectly fine to see why they would be skeptical . the wikileak emails were very real .
deleted
removed
takes one to know one i guess .
he definitely looks like he 's about to drop some truth about pepe silvia
how many people has the nation of iceland killed ? it can be done . the sheer fact that most do not adhere to that logic does not mean it 's not possible . simply refusing to desire better and saying 'that 's how it goes ' is a sad reflection on reality . we do n't have to be involved in so many wars . we choose to do so .
that leading a country means killing people from the country you are leading . by the language he used earlier , especially the word regime , the context is about how the country treats its own citizens . meaning that his `` killing people '' is also about how the country treats its own citizens .
what the .. fuck ? what the hell is wrong with that guy ?
what exactly do you propose we do with the nk situation ? do you think trying to have a dialogue with kju is a bad idea ? should we leave them alone and ignore them ? should we go to war with them ? i just want to know what people think the best course of action here is . trump is at least trying to accomplish something and i think that ’ s a good thing . you can disagree with how he ’ s going about it but at least tell me how it should be done..
diplomat , debutante ... who 'll notice the difference
they have also been known to detain the odd citizen leading one to think their methods to determine citizenship might be well ... based on things like appearance and language spoken at times .
& gt ; keep your pistols . .. estimates from the bureau of justice statistics ‘ bjs national crime victimization survey show that handguns were used in about eight times as many nonfatal violent crimes than other firearms in 2011 . see table 3 .
bubbles the trailer park boy is more qualified .
you have no idea if that ’ s actually the case . he has the highest unfavorables in the field . doesn ’ t sound like the most popular senator at the moment .
dude , you ’ re deep into a conspiracy theory that there ’ s just no proof of . there ’ s absolutely zero evidence putin has dirt on trump , and i seriously doubt he would have it even if there was . putin didn ’ t even bother meeting trump until after he was elected president . he didn ’ t care about trump . it ’ s just nonsense , bro . vaccines don ’ t cause autism and the world isn ’ t flat .
here 's how bernie can still win guys !
you have to start somewhere
is the leader included in that statement ?
shake your head all you want to or ... google is but a click away
removed
kudlow is an epic fucking idiot .
if you are that convinced , you are too far gone . if you think kim is just going to lay down his arms and agree to peace , you are going to be disappointed . he is scamming the naive trump and his base into thinking that , and he 's got him and his base hook , line and sinker .
i bet he thinks of adolf hitler when he has a boner ...
so now it 's the responsibility of private corporations to cover it ? i thought we were suing the attackers ?
literally everyone except you guys have been saying that this whole time
it 's the trumpkim show , the entire thing is staged propaganda for both sides . foxnews makes more sense than any other news media .
which nancy is hell bent on not doing ...
good point , private health insurance is a scam , we should just skip the middle man
not we . them . we would represent .
warren , aoc , pelosi , omar ... i 'm seeing a trend .
did n't lose . won by 3 million votes .
and then , thank god , obama came along and just ended all of that ! right guys ? guys ?
the concentration camps are being run under trump 's orders .
obama could have coughed during a press conference and they would be calling for his impeachment . it 's a meaningless comparison .
correct .
that 's not at all what i said .
gross , still upvoted .
read the mueller report bro .
why should we give up our rights for nothing in return ?
no , there ’ s literally been court cases over public officials banning/blocking people on twitter for speech . us public officials can not block constituents over speech .
here some more good news on your group .
learning how to `` properly intern 'foreign invaders ' ''
`` just asking a question '' when you 're a political figure with access to opposition researchers .. and when the answer to your question is on her fuckin wikipedia page .. you 're not asking a question . you 're throwing shade . you 're being a dick . its obvious what jr did and thats why he got roasted on twitter . again . fuckin hate spoon feeding this obvious shit to people . use your damn head .
please do so .
til the leader of north korea is a socialist . seriously , go back to school and pay attention this time .
cut him some slack . it ca n't have been easy growing up with the name , `` tucker '' . still , he did n't have to live up to the slanted pronunciation of his name .
republicans will defend democracy when hell freezes over . they see this as sticking it to everyone on the left , so they don ’ t really care . that ’ s about the only thing they stand for now .
why is it relevant ?
the headline is so misleading
as the wiki article says , he was certainly associated with alqaeda members , and plenty of people claimed he was a member/trainer/recruiter . there appears to be some dispute over that fact , but i do n't know any more than what 's been in the news/in that link .
removed
the original point was that the money was paid back . to your second point , it ’ s better than the entire economy collapsing and making the great depression look like a small bump
agree
he ’ s not stopping the coyotes , he ’ s jailing children without any due or even humanitarian process . trump ain ’ t doing shit . there are no mechanisms in place to properly process the people coming over seeking asylum , which they can do under us law . you want to know whose moral is lower than it was under obama ? ice . there was a report just last week where ice agents begrudgingly admitted there job was easier and had clear objectives that made their process more operational under obama than the current chaos of the trump administration , to the point where they don ’ t even know what the fuck they are doing . trump ’ s twitter is fucking everything up because trump is a weak moron who gets easily tweaked by the media , and tweets out stupid policy goals if you call them that that changes shit on the ground . his own american gestapo had to call off the raids because of his fukken twitter . he is fucking everything up that was operational before he was elected , the border crossings were way down , and at the lowest in decades when obama left office . now trump is failing at yet another campaign promise , and his supporters have set the bar so low for him that even former the apprentice candidate bret michaels of the band poison could negotiate , and he still can ’ t get it done like obama had .
he means as long as i have money and opportunity and not the one killed fuck everyone else !
yes , i know . he was both .
there 's a reason she was placed in the low tier debate group , away from all the other frontrunners . dnc does n't want her . they want biden or harris , in that order . yang , they can completely ignore . sanders , they can hit with trip up questions like the tax one to hurt his support among low information voters . none of that will work on warren , so they make it difficult for people to compare her to to the rest of the field and diminish her significance by simply keeping her out of the room altogether . what you 're seeing in the polls are biden voters swapping to who they perceived won that debate and made him look like a fool . if warren had been on that stage , she 'd probably be sitting at # 1 right now , but that 's the world we live in . warren is still the single best candidate on the field . give it time . warren is n't going to burn out . harris is going to get called on all her dumb positions and record and she will lose a lot of support . put warren on a stage beside harris and watch harris get blown away .
i will try to find one . i am in upstate ny near the capital and used to see the commercial at least once a day .
removed
failson tucker never in his wildest dreams imagined a timeline where we would elect a president so stupid he would take him along on a diplomatic trip to north korea .
the democrats are out of touch with the morons . they still think there 's a republic left and they 're playing by dead rules .
i just wanted to say that propublica does amazing work and is undoubtedly america 's most underrated investigative journalism organisation . propublica is truly a national treasure . they 're also a nonprofit organisation and could always use donations from anyone willing and able to help support their incredible and fearless investigative work .
cnn also called biden 's `` i 'm not trump , i wo n't do what he 's doing '' stance `` radical '' . imagine that `` position '' being radical when ubi , the green new deal , and medicare for all is on the table . they 're in the bag for him , i 'd take whatever they say with more than a grain of salt . compared to his past positions , yes , a flippant comment is nothing major but it highlights the fact he 's stuck well in the past beyond the , 5 , 10 , 20 year ago past .
the war with nk should have ended decades ago and our troops brought home . if trump can do that , i say hooray for him and fuck anyone who says different .
your submission ` harrisx poll post debate biden 28 , not sure 15 , sanders 14 , harris 11 , warren 8 ` was automatically removed because ` scottrasmussen.com ` is not on our approved source whitelist . r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source . domains must : be notable , as defined by our domain notability guidelines . notable domains will consist of news organizations , research organizations , political advocacy groups , governmental agencies / bodies , and political parties . contain articles , videos or soundclips relevant to current us politics contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source . be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey . if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist , please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us . however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form , we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account . if you submit a spam domain via the form , your account may be reported to the site administrators . to submit a domain for approval use this form and follow the instructions provided i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .

but only as a small step towards another eword
that is not exactly what i was saying but it is pretty close . i think it is very possible that there is personal bias among many of the researchers .
i read his comments ... annnnd you ’ re both normalizing world leaders killing people who disagree with them . please don ’ t run for public office .
his behind the bastards is great too .
removed
whoa wait what ? west hartford , ct education system somehow failed miserably with this guy .
removed
don ’ t underestimate russian ’ s , they are also a natural gas power regionally and much of europe is heavily dependent on it . they ’ re also not amateurs in real politik . they ’ re influence is more widespread than you would think . look at how they mobilized to influence elections in the most powerful nation in the world in 2016 .
i missed the part about single people , but the point in general is still valid . the real issue though is why should coverage for healthcare be tied to your employer at all ? or for that matter , why should there even be ‘ plans ’ ? just got see a doctor if you ’ re sick . no payment or plan required .
& gt ; everyone sees what they want to see . you should really pay attention to what you said here .
his `` highest unfavorables '' is literally having 2 % more than anyone else . he also has the highest favorables in the race by essentially the same margin .
& gt ; deporting illegal citizens who chose to disappear into the shadows of american society , and have been mooching off the system , is the right thing to do . why do you think they 're mooching ? they largely pay taxes , do work that is understaffed by us citizens , and tend not to get into relatively less criminal trouble . it really seems like they 're contributing . & gt ; deporting illegal citizens shouldn ’ t even be a fucking question . sudden mass deportations are a totally different animal than having a functioning deportation system . ice would have to get so tough with 1 . us citizens that are innocent and just have n't grilled the undocumented people they deal with 2 . kind and upstanding us citizens that are breaking some immigrationrelated law and 3 . undocumented people that are pulling their weight . it would be dystopian , and it would absolutely fuck this administration once dozens of videos of raids and shit go public . it would look so much more authoritarian than any enforcement action in history because it would involve intimidating and forcefully hassling hundreds of thousands of bystanders . that 's why they 'll never do it .
just your typical clinicallyinsane republican . nothing unusual here .
that ’ s fair
the main camp , birkenau i had straw pallets covered in burlap , i believe , that they all slept on collectively . no beds . the second camp a little bit farther away had the wooden type you see in those pics , but they were not exactly beds . more like shitty platforms they piled on . nobody got a bed to themselves . the only place i could recall having actual beds was the infirmary ... that nobody stayed on for long ...
deleted
sound like a hell hole
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
`` you as president stated `` x y and z. , '' pick any , aca , decrease the budget , mexico will pay for it , defeat isis in 30 days , drain the swamp etc , etc they were all lies . since you are a proven liar , why should anyone trust your empty promises ? ''
for most countries this is true
imagine being the person who president ~~miller~~ trump appoints to go into court and say in front of a panel of judges `` okay ... sooookay ... . here 's why we should n't let doctors in to check on sick kids in cramped detention centers ''
i never understood how glorifying third world dictatorships can be framed as `` smart '' geopolitical manuevers . it legitmizes kleptocracies like russia ignoring the fact they meddled in our campaign process while concurrently annexing a free crimea while claiming no such action was taking place . how does any of this strengthen our nation ? these nations are known international crooks yet the potus is excited to stoop to their level . it doesnt just undermine us on the global stage but the sycophantic nature of it all is so embarassing . i remember those `` rather be a russian than a democrat '' posters and shirts . truly darwin award levels of stupidity and selfdestruction . /rant
& gt ; there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand these fucks
the same absence of competent people is also handicapping him on china economic policy . china shifted from defensive to offensive in the last few weeks , and i do n't even know if there is anyone there who can honestly tell trump what that means
can you imagine having to be personally ordered to let doctors attend to children ?
& gt ; it went from being a manufactured crisis the caravan was the manufactured crisis & gt ; to concentration camps . which are true , and a legitimate crisis & gt ; trump was right all along . people won ’ t like to hear this truth and probably downvote you 'll be downvoted because you are factually incorrect .
gatekeeping . nice
it ’ s a great idea but she could do a little work on selling the idea before presenting the final result . opposition will unjustly panic and make like its going to happen the day after inauguration . this is an idea that is a perfect blueprint for an 8year term .
people should read noam chomsky ’ s predictions and thoughts on how quickly america is slipping into extreme fascism . it ’ s fascinating how accurate his writings are .
it ’ s relationship building . it takes time to build rapport .
removed
lol . antigunners won ’ t ban pistols yet cuz they are too popular ! they don ’ t care about saving lives , only about control .
because those things will cause less deaths . they are far less efficient , as you know . but you dissemble .
hell , an unqualified diplomat would have been better . at least it would have been some form of diplomat .
`` oh yeah , this patient is showing symptoms of 'not insane ' occasionally while other times he is , he definitely does n't insane ! ''
watched the first half . pretty good , i 've got the channel bookmarked for later . but he lost me at 18:58 where he plays a video clip of tucker making a few points about the effects of an influx of lowskilled workers . there 's valid points in this segment , especially about the reduced formation of family units when male income ratios are reduced ; that 's evolutionary psychology at work . individuals may not follow the trend but a populace tends to sway in a certain sort of way whenever there 's different stresses and pressures , and on a populace level it turns out that female humans around the world tend to seek longterm relationships with men that have a higher relative wealth . it 's likely a biological phenomenon , or perhaps it 's baked into worldwide cultures . so yes , an influx of lowskilled workers is likely to depress longterm heterosexual relationships within a population but this is likely to occur regardless of their races or cultures . after that segment cody started claiming this as evidence of intolerance without closing off his previous point or addressing the content of the segment . it seemed that he was going off in the same sort of factless rant that he was railing against . a bit ironic , maybe ? i had to quit after that , but i 'll check out his other stuff for sure .
well it ’ s not like trump has actually worked a day in his life
showing the lack of intelligence left in america
it does n't have a lot to it , but the principles mostly align with me . my main preferred reform would just be to drop ibr forgiveness to like 17 years and remove tax bomb .
they 'd go to sanders bvefore the creator of the biggest check on them to be created in your lifetime . i mean this is just silliness incarnate , you actually think the brain behind , and founder of the cfpb is anything but their very last choice ?
he 's not actually if you listen to the recording . he is making a case for interacting with north korea 's leadership .
that 's the tea , liberals :
how is that a discount ? the current method of gaining votes is just to let the older generation die off . much cheaper
huh ?
and those people have been arrested , charged , and some convicted already . downvote me if you want , but when someone says do n't go looking for or start violence and that 's seen as controversial , that 's a sad thing to see .
if republicans maintain control and he 's reelected , they will .
dude , i 'm not a trump supporter . i 'm just starting that the odds are in his favor . the polls are not the odds . the polls also had him losing 3 years ago .
removed
for those unaware , the original mc02 was a resounding defeat for the blue us team , as the red team commander used sneaky tactics and sank a carrier and 10+ cruisers in the first 48 hours . the only reason that the overall exercise was ruled a blue team win is that the referees “ reset ” the exercise and then forced the red team commander to do things in the stupidest way possible for a vastly inferior force . in other words , the refs cheated to get blue a win , so instead of recognizing the need to address training needs , it was a feelgood . google “ millennium challenge ” the wikipedia article makes for interesting reading .
it 's also only been a month or so of his campaign . he 's had more blunders than all the other candidates combined already . and he got into the race at the last possible moment !
why ?
twin peaks reference
what is the crisis matters . republicans were claiming this untold mass of `` dangerous '' brown folks were swarming the boarder . and how they handled that has shocked the sensabilities of democrats who are going `` holy shit if dog pound was treating dogs the ways you 're treating these people heads would roll . ''
i mean , bolton probably would have started a war . so this may not be all that terrible a move .
ugh , no more titles with trump and another word that sounds like phallus pls .
why would n't a handbag designer be heavily involved in nuclear discussions with a brutal dictatorship ?
a kind of indentured servitude . pay low wages — control what they make . ban them from getting treatment anywhere else . when they are sick and get treatment at your place cuz there ’ s no other choice , charge them whatever you want . sue them . and garnish their low wages when they can ’ t pay you whatever it is you want . tack on your attorney fees they can also charge whatever they want . peasants in game of thrones had more rights .
i believe i read that in the official affidavit or one or the lawyers alleged that . i could look around and see if i find that again . there was also an implication that another unnamed 13 year old completely disappeared after a party . of course , these aren ’ t 100 % substantiated but personally i believe it ’ s an open secret in those circles , coming from manhattan myself .
the subtext ? in what world is saying that anything but providing an excuse ? fucking hell man , carlson is a shitstain thats not worth defending in any circumstance .
`` you know what ? communism ai n't that bad now that it suits our political purposes '' tucker carlson
wait , is n't this pocahontas ? me wannabe big chief .
removed
semantics hahaha.. you are n't even willing to go by definition and at your own context . i 'm sorry you fought a battle you couldnt win . please go take a community course of basic english i 'm sure there is one around you .
judging by history , odds are the tweets were made by someone from her campaign .
but thats not an opinion ... thats pointing out that a government is a monopoly on violence ... which is , per definition , true .
i like warren very much , she is one of my favorate canidates .
they 're not stupid
removed
trumpism is taking hold .
`` steve bannon 's an antiimperialist ! tucker carlson knows that the abomb is a paper tiger ! ''
bhutan ? denmark ? needs some research .
reminds me of when a child tries to interact with adults when they are trying to have an important conversation . way out of her league .
lmfao what do you want them to do just release the kids they have to watch them they can ’ t just fucking leave them on the curb
deleted
removed
he means murderers , rapists , serial killers etc .
same as last time you mean ?
i agree , this is extremely dangerous for our democracy
i do n't want to equate anything , and i think america will be okay again in a few years , but legal opposition to concentration camps was the last thing that fell in the `` original '' version . as long as the camps were on german soil nazis killing prisoners were actually still at risk of being send to jail since they had n't completely taken over the judicial branch at that point . hence they had to go through quite a bit of trouble to hide their murders . that 's one of the reasons why most victims were n't murdered on german soil .
no , you 're being downvoted because of the blatant false equivalence that provides a cover for actual , out and proud fascists .
he was saying it was more acceptable in general to do that kind of stuff , not that it was definitely acceptable in seattle . jc , i 'm not a biden fan at all but this is ridiculous if any other candidate said that we are generally more accepting now of the lgbt community than before , we would n't start using this as proof of them being `` outoftouch with modern society . ''
& gt ; if any of you watch fox news regularly , you would know that tucker carlson actually hates north korea and calls them out for their atrocities . people are just spinning this into something it isn ’ t . i read all of what he said in the article , and the full quote is even worse than what 's in the headline . he pivoted hard from `` we ca n't defend what north korea does '' to `` but we have to accept world leaders commit atrocities , including our closest allies . '' dude just shit on countries that have had our back for decades upon decades to appease a dictator , who in keeping with family tradition , has fucked us over . and murdered an american citizen .
wiping out student debt would 've benefited the economy much more over time than the bank bailout . while rich people pay less in taxes , working people can not afford the services they need to improve or maintain their standard of living . all other developed nations in the world get it . americans do n't . we never look abroad for solutions , we just keep touting the same old shit that laffer and wanniski sold us .
deleted
the rich also encourage poor people to be organs donors ... increasing the number of organs available to the rich : on top of that , they want you to get vaccines so you help society : same with blood donations . i mean , i '' ll gladly take your organs if i ever need them , and never give you mine , but there are tools that poor people have available to them . do n't donate organs , do n't donate blood , do n't get vaccinated . learn how to do simple medical procedures , like stitches . learn about chemistry , make your own chemo , learn how to make casts . none of that should bankrupt you and if you learn it well , it 's not that difficult to become better at those things than your average doctor . never eat at a restaurant ever again in order to avoid processed foods and stay healthy .
the most disturbing one
she ’ s not his type
deleted
you mean a u.s representative ?
& gt ; he needs to take some more shots at biden though how do you think he should approach that without dc wonk twitter and ess crowd absolutely melting down and going full puma ? he has been calling time and time again for his supporters to not be attacking and he has even stepped back a little towards other democrats . how does he walk that tightrope ?
removed
to be fair , i 'm already a liberal , so seeing tucker in a negative light is easy . /r/politics just has a tenancy to post articles even i think are a bit pushing it . this one ... i can see how some can see how tucker is defending n. korea , and how some can totally read it a different way , like i initially have . either way , it 's a very strange thing for him to say . he 's inviting controversy .
its exactly what you said .
but it isn ’ t like that though . saying “ they don ’ t seem all that bad ” implies they aren ’ t the single worst . which tucker clearly says north korea are the single worst . its more like lets say saudi arabia : “ trump doing business with saudi arabia , although sa is bad , sa isn ’ t that bad because sa isn ’ t nearly as bad as north korea because nothing is worst then north korea ” . from that statement it is a defence firstly on trump and arguably on saudi arabia but definitely not a defence on north korea like the headline claims . it would be semantics to say its a defence on saudi arabia . i think you mixed up sa with north korea in your statement . edit : typos
`` if you do n't support a crusty old white dude who has terminal footinmouth disease and policy positions from the 1960s , then you 're helping the fascists '' is a lazy , childish , and intellectually dishonest talking point . ca n't you do any better ?
yeah but the gates and bezos money exists primarily on paper . they do n't necessarily have billions of dollars in the bank , they own billions of dollars worth of stock . billionaires ball out on credit , not on cash .
fucking what ? ? ?
removed
exactly like his trade wars are about to do

& gt ; it went from being a manufactured crisis to concentration camps . trump was right all along . people won ’ t like to hear this truth and probably downvote we 're downvoting you because your claims , such as they are , are trivially false .
& gt ; & gt ; & gt ; tucker is known to state hard truths as a guise of introducing a segway of his talking points . he he normally adds to the discussion . neither of those things are true tucker usually makes up bullshit as he stumbles into his weird hate rant of the evening
that 's complete rubbish . this came as a consequence of the `` zero tolerance '' policy , and it is done with very high pride amongst nazi circles . this is not an accident . the cruelty is the purpose , trump says so himself , many times in many ways . and you freaking love it . but you must pretend it is so that you sleep at night . nazi germans did the exact same shit .
and living in washington , you should also know that 's what washington does
you mean those western liberalismisms ?
this is what people said before the past election . how about we do n't make the same mistake twice .
& gt ; this is subversive and dangerous . are you new to tucker carlson ? he 's been supporting white supremacist ultranationalists views on primetime fox news for years now . he 's by far the most popular media figure for hardcore neonazis , mentioned and shared more than anyone else on neonazi websites because he says the same things they say , he just dresses them in innuendo and leaves the worst aspects up to implication so he can have `` plausible '' deniability when confronted about what he does . the few times he has been called out to his face , he always does the same thing ; he laughs in self defense , says the accusation back to the person in a stupid voice , never denying it in the exchange , only mocking the person who made it in some meanspirited way . he does it all the time and you can tell he 's extremely pissed off when he does it .
removed
touche . corruption is almost always a feature of authoritarian governments , but maybe singapore is the exception to this . maybe it is a singleparty , authoritarian citystate with little corruption .
tucker swanson mcnear carlson constantly shows his hate elites on his tv shows while he is an elite himself . he definitely does n't make sense .
take this imaginary gold.. you earned it .
removed
how does aoc keep getting press ? she ’ s a freshman congresswoman that ’ s accomplished nothing more than noise
& gt ; chelsea clinton is adding more value to the world than ivanka and it 's not even close . well no disagreement on that , but that does n't address whether she 's earned her status in life or was gifted it . it 's not to say that people who inherit wealth ca n't do great things and be great humans , they can , but it 's not the same thing as working your way from lesser means .
i think people will start dropping out when they don ’ t meet the polling requirement for the third debate . that being said i feel like it ’ s safe to say anyone polling below yang who is around 8th place right now is going to drop out . i don ’ t think anyone below that has the possibility of gaining enough traction .
that 's why they ca n't make any money off of ads and resort to essentially selling digital real estate to correct the record or whatever david brock is calling his gang of failures this year .
and it makes no difference because the base seems to wallow in it . they believe rich got rich through just hard work and they earned it , and dammit we are going to get rich too because we work so gol darn hard .
shit like this , incompetence by bush ii that led to 9/11 , treason by reagan who illegally sold arms without congressional approval , and oh yeah trump selling arms to the nation that funded 9/11 : saudi arabia . but sure , republicans are the party of `` national security , '' lol
sorry , i was being sarcastic , i hate violence to death , i was just pointing out what the republicans would say , if it was a dem in the office .
i 'm imagining norwegian and kiwi assassins in an international assassins hangout waiting for a mission , any mission . meanwhile , the us , russian , and chinese assassins barely get a chance to grab a drink before hitting the road again . james bond 's in the corner nursing a martini and a grudge .
real diplomacy what like open borders and free healthcare for illegals ? ? ? ? ?
i want to give you gold but i 'm cheap so here 's reddit bronze 🥉
i guess were doing this ... grabs 2 shot glasses and a bottle of fernet
deleted
except for him defending them by use of whataboutism
why ?
why not also make an entire single payer/public option system that would expand the amount of providers available to veterans ?
“ never again ” specifically refers to the treatment of jews in the holocaust . don ’ t believe me , let ellie wiesel describe the treatment & gt ; never again '' becomes more than a slogan : it 's a prayer , a promise , a vow . there will never again be hatred , people say . never again jail and torture . never again the suffering of innocent people , or the shooting of starving , frightened , terrified children . and never again the glorification of base , ugly , dark violence . it 's a prayer . none of this is what is going on at the border . yet it is what aoc invoked . you really can ’ t make it a single comment without giving me more fodder for proving the ignorance of your statements .
i have been thinking all day and you just put your finger on what i was thinking . although , if another nation actually put sanctions on us , i 'd imagine he come up with a fate worse than squalid incarceration and disease .
& gt ; would swalwell really be a better vp for a woman president nominee than damn near any other male who was closer to center stage during the 2 rounds of the 1st debate ? no , a high probability he would not . warren and castro would be interesting .
just remember everyone , the issue is not that we were colluding with russia , the issue is that you found out .
i have fond memories of reading highlights as a child . it wasn ’ t on my current radar because i thought my bub is too young for it . but i just subscribed to high five ! hopefully it offsets some of the goofus callers you had to deal with this week . 😊 and if/when the jerks of the world do start to get you down , remember what mr. rogers says : always look for the helpers .
this are the same scumbags who accuse democrats of being `` communists '' for wanting healthcare . disgusting .
usually i cringe at the your/your use here , but the line was such a zinger , i 'll allow it .
removed
she has the eloquence of her father
you think her win in 2010 of 46.1 to 45.3 wasn ’ t close ? or in 2014 when she got 57 % as the only democrat ? and maybe remember loretta had pissed of a lot of people with her native american ‘ war cry ’ and in an election year where standing rock was a big freaking deal people weren ’ t forgetting .
wow . republicans . are you guys really going to go down this path ?
gun control is a losing issue because nobody actually believes at this point that incrementally infringing upon rights has any other endpoint other than confiscation , and no dem candidate has shown us otherwise because the primaries this year will be the `` woke '' olympics .
deleted
& gt ; how so ? trump is a pushover by comparison . i am so excited to watch two old dudes yell at each other on the debate stage . maybe we 'll even get to see that fight they both wanted . & gt ; that implies he was trying to get that point across . given how little time he dedicated to it , i do n't think he saw it as very important . biden appears far too impulsive . all the worse for him then . all you 've done is demostrate how outoftouch he is .
well , ted kennedy was drunk in a car accident that led to a woman 's death and got off . i do n't know of any other women 's deaths he was involved in . his name helped him get off , no question . but he also did good for the country after that , and more to this particular point , he was at least competent and qualified to hold office . ivanka 's sole qualification is being trump 's daughter/crush .
you forgot jews . they always go after the jews . : /
if i did n't know who these people were , i honestly would have thought this was a comedy sketch . how could anyone take this seriously , how the fuck did america get to this point
what is a military style weapon ?
it really is n't likely .
there has to be a line ... .no matter how small or invisible it is that is never crossed
removed
they were already excited about her a few months after she joined the senate , long before she announced her candidacy . from july 2017 : note , in particular , the secondtolast paragraph : & gt ; “ she ’ s going to leverage every bit of fundraising ability and the attention she ’ s getting to make an impact in 2018 , ” clegg said , adding that her trip to the hamptons this past weekend was solely for that purpose . if anyone expects her to be economically progressive or thinks that big donors were excited about her simply because they thought she would likely win , please let them know that i have a new jersey bridge to sell them .
you tell me , you 're the one that brought up obama .
the remarks criticized biden 's astonishingly stupid claim that seattleites would have tolerated a 'gay waiter joke ' as late as five years ago . it 's the kind of remark that 's so far from reality it almost defies gravity . unfortunately , it 's yet another stupidly wrong remark in a long parade of stupidass remarks from biden . yet another confirmation that he 's spectacularly unfit for the oval office . especially when there are other candidates who are hands down superior to biden . nobody 's deluded or hateful , they 're just fed up with lousy candidates who do n't belong in the race . finally , smears are distortions of reality .
and here i thought it was all a comment on nk censorship
you can have any of these news people . except tucker . i like him because he kisses my ass real good .
you would n't need it all to be in dc if you could somehow turn out almost half the country . just dc residents would be more than enough at that point . even 10 % , without significant travel , would be a wake up call to many people and that 's far from unprecedented worldwide . the question is how to get there in a country where ~1 % is considered an unprecedented and massive protest . right now getting presidential candidates to lead the charge is probably the most realistic course . they have recognition and a good reason to rally against the sitting president . opposition leaders using their political megaphones in countries where democracy is being suppressed to organize truly massive protests is a really common response . unfortunately i do n't have the contacts to try to convince any of them and such thinking clearly does n't come naturally in the us because people , even politicians who should have a better understanding of nonus politics simply are not familiar enough with authoritarians doing their thing .
when did r/politics become an aoc circle jerk
you 're obviously not interested in a good faith discussion .
i said in my post he probably knew the answer already . calm down you fuckin lunatic . you 're not spoon feeding me anything
removed
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's not how military strikes work . trump 100 % had to have been told the potential casualty numbers before calling the strike on , not calling it off in 10 min .
deleted
obama 's expansion of the drone strike program is one of the major complaints about the obama presidency expressed by liberals . and liberals were decrying it at the time . removing habeas corpus and expanding/extending the patriot act is another . you 're not really going against the narrative , you 're not really a lone truthteller . you 're years late to the party with commentary which most of the left agrees with . here 's a wild thing though . conservatives also did n't like obama 's drone program ; or at least all the conservative columnists and cartoonists seemed not to . so what i wonder is , why are drone strikes still ongoing ? was the hubbub around obamaera drone strikes just empty bluster , and conservatives were actually okay with it all along ? anyway tucker carlson said that it 's impossible to run a country without killing people . want to comment on the subject at hand at all , or are we busy spinning in favour of ol ' t carlz ? to be honest , the sentiment that being in charge inherently requires you to make decisions which kill people is a pretty nuanced one . the idea that exercising power inherently disadvantages someone is a good thing to think about , challenge , and reason your way around . i do n't think that 's what tucker is doing , i think he 's trying to minimize the behaviour of a megalomaniac because he is a meatbrained idiot .
hold up a second when did i ever say i was anti universal healthcare ? also what crap am i spewing ? the literal only thing i said was a clarification on what the guy my initial comment was asking . you 've either mixed up usernames or you 're just really bad at reading .
can we have full context ? an 18 second vid hardly gives us enough info to make an accurate judgement .
removed
& gt ; i 'm still waiting for any proof of what you 're talking about . i guess you dont have it . oh well . you mean except for the thread you 're already replying to ? i guess you 'll keep waiting ?
too many gun control laws aren ’ t based on evidence . let ’ s work together to convince politicians to repeal the ineffective gun control laws .
if you think independents wo n't be a problem for trump , you 're way the fuck outside the realm known as reality .
wow they really took the air out of your argument . lol
you 've just said nothing of any value to me .
the wall is actually pretty cool .
this submission has been automatically removed because it comes from a blogging platform . more information can be found here i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
this story is a lie , like just about everything else reported on fux news
honestly it speaks more to me that you assume everyone that is not parroting your same world view supports murder . step 1 . go outside . step 2 . think for yourself and not what other 's tell you to think . step 3 . profit .
it 's why one of the first action of a president is either to reinstate or ban federal funds to be use for abortion advocacy in foreign locations . but the roll back of previous president agenda had to get more aggressive with each president because use of eo have gotten more aggressive
yeah tuck , you better be careful who you piss off in nk lest you end up dead
someone has never worked corporate
she 's literally living proof that all of republicans ' `` pull yourself up by your bootstraps '' talk is bulkshit . republicans consider themselves the new landed gentry , only without all that tiresome noblesse oblige . only they are allowed to rule , everyone else is just a tool for them to use and expend .
small nitpick , and i 'm very sorry i have to put you on the spot like this , but your comment is very misleading . i agree this is a huge issue , but your framing is way off . we do n't need to twist this story like right wingers and fake news sites do because the actual story is already bad enough . very few of these were committed by adult staff , and all of those committed by staff were workers at local shelters . not a single one was committed by hhs staff . the vast majority , nearly all of the 4,500 cases , were committed by other immigrants at the shelters . i also do n't think there any evidence ice has any involvement in any child ring conspiracy . that 's way deep into conspiracy theory territory . allegations go back to 2015 , meaning the reported assaults started under the obama administration . but the allegations have increased in the past two years after the trump administration 's `` zero tolerance '' policy that led to at least 2,800 family separations flooding the department with additional children . the data show the majority of the alleged assaults were carried out by other minors in custody , but at least 178 were carried out by staff out of 4,556 children who claimed the assault `` those are not hhs staff in any of those allegations , '' white said . instead , the department contracts with more than 100 local shelters that house and care for children in its custody .
you really are a pseudo intellectual zilch . i bet you read cliff notes so that you have something to say when you try to fit in with actual intellectually minded crowds .
removed
warren is still fond of capitalism . they 'd pick her first and she would take the money , whereas sanders wo n't
shit i forgot about pelosi . those fuckers have been running attack ads comparing any democratic opposition they are up against to her for years .
tucker cuckleson is such an asshole .
& gt ; “ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world , ” mr carlson said during the phone interview on fox news . so the title is straight up bullshit . he didn ’ t “ defend ” nk at all . & gt ; “ in the end what maters is what ’ s good for the united states and you deal with bad people a lot of the time in order to help your own country , ” he said . that doesn ’ t seem too unreasonable . frankly , it seems indisputable .
no they ca n't they already tried . that 's what they were going after before semi auto rifles .
for the record , water isn't wet . water makes other things wet .
do n't worry about it . i was crazy for believing pocket sized communicators were coming too .
it was n't acceptable when i was in high school . that was 20002004 . did n't mean people did n't do it . but it was certainly seen as hate . i 'm sure different places evolved at different rates . these days it can feel like things have made great strides . then i get outside my bubble and it looks like it 's moving backwards .
deleted
& gt ; the company that received the biggest payment — $ 26 million — was wis media partners of marina del rey , calif. records show that the firm was created in december 2016 , about six weeks before the inauguration , and its founder , according to a person familiar with the firm , was stephanie winston wolkoff , a longtime friend of mrs. trump ’ s . otherwise there is very little information available about the company . & amp ; # x200b ; & amp ; # x200b ; nothing to see here folks
social status hierarchy is the foundation of conservatism
you realize there 's more than republicans and democrats out there right ? i do n't fall in either of those categories bud . you 're also yet to show any shred of knowledge on the topic you 've chosen to speak . lol .
i mean ... flawed and simplistic as the simple leftright political spectrum can be , fascism has always been on the extreme right of it , just as communism is on the extreme left .
this is a crushing defeat for the `` let the children die slowly alone and in pain '' folks aka republicans
removed
hi ` geoxol ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : offtopic : all submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current us politics . if you have questions as to why your post has been removed , please see here : why was my post removed as offtopic ? if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
she was bussed as a black person growing up . race is a fabrication , but how people treat you because of it is real , and she grew up being treated like a black person .
that ’ s inexcusable . also how is there no article about trump being the first president to step foot in north korea ? this is huge . wtf r/politics r/worldpolitics
we all know that a 73 year old man living on a diet of big macs and diet cokes , whose only exercise is the few steps to and from his golf cart in between holes is the picture of health .
i ’ d love to someone really insult him in a debate . just call him a clown and a loser and then laugh over him when he answers .
tucker carlson is just nuts , just fucking nuts i tell ya .
i see we 've finally moved past the lying about what you really want stage , and you are finally admitting it openly . good to know !
dibs on next .
talk is cheap . you want your freedom , you have to be willing to do a bit more than speakup .
yes . the leader of north korea who 's regime was installed by the soviet union is a socialist . did you think nk was a capitalist democracy or what ?
deleted
me too . that , and this is how you increase your visibility for future attempts .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd tell you think about what i said but you clearly do n't have the capacity to .
meanwhile , ivanka was desperate to be even acknowledged . maybe she can handle fist bumps next time .
removed
kudlow is one of the shittiest economic advisers in us history .
removed
another b.s . story from another naziled rightwing wacko paper
regardless of the subject matter , this is exactly what a political cartoon should do . provoke , comment ... ..hold a mirror up to our society . and he gets fired for it ? that 's fucked up
lmao so funny seeing these comments about her . my gf is really excited to see williamson debate we just now finished the first debate and i 'm positive it is motivated by the type of circles she is a part of yoga , spiritualistic , etc . curious to see her take on williamson after we watch . i foresee a bit of an argument between us in the future haha .
bernie will win new hampshire , iowa is super crucial for his campaign . i do n't see him winning south carolina unfortunately .
yep . if there 's s silver lining to hillary losing in 2016 , it 's that the progressive movement has had a spark lit up behind their ass . if hillary had won , aoc would not be in congress right now , medicareforall would not be such a big thing . engagement with youth and other minorities is huge right now . biden being the dem candidate would undo all of that . if he scrapes a win , he 'll contend with a republican senate we wo n't flip it with him at the top of the ticket , and rbg 's replacement will be a moderate goodbye some progressive social thing . and we 'll be decimated in 2022 at a worse rate than 2010 . and then joe will lose in 2024 if the stress of the job has n't killed his 80+ year old self by then .
they 've been pretty horrible to nepalese refugees .
it means trump knows his policies are lethal and thinks that ’ s ok .
my favorite comment on that video : & gt ; from now on , tucker is forbidden to say `` 9mm '' . when referring to a handgun . he must say `` 0.354331 inch '' .
so you ’ d rather our country have an awful relationship with an insane dictator and watch them build nukes instead of having a decent relationship with them and not letting them destroy other nations ? you know they shot a rocket right over japan last year right ?
deleted
& gt ; brought north korea from the brink of nuclear war where on earth are you getting that ? the situation was bad just as it was for nearly 2 decades . nothing changed to escalate the situation besides trump ’ s rhetoric . even if that statement were true which it isn ’ t that would be like me punching a guy at a bar and bragging to everyone that you talked him down after .
which is the point i made he 's blurring the line . `` look . to make an omellete you have to break a few eggs '' , as if atrocities happening in north korea right now , and in the recent past with missile tests , direct nuclear implicit threats to the us mainland , otto warmbier , summary executions of citizens and entire families , all of that was bad but we have to move on . let 's not dance around the implication . you 're right , out of context it 's bad . in context it 's worse , i just did n't want to have to parse all of this out .
... to be clear , you are saying that it is a fact that every single ruler of a country in the entire world has had to kill an inhabitant of the country they are ruling ?
lmao . he has the highest favorables of any candidate . of course you knew that . it ’ s right there on your sheet .
`` rich people choose to not pay off their debts so they can accrue interest and owe more ''
meanwhile , trump is starting to say things like `` if obama had another term '' and making it seem normal that presidents can go beyond 2 terms .
taking what ?
the only way trump would be a senator is if they named him senate majority leader . he 's never going to answer to anybody voluntarily and mitch mcconnell probably does n't have the same number of tapes on him as putin does .
i keep forgetting ... which character from animal house was he ?
the sad thing about it though , it 's probably one of the better ways to go . the # 1 predictor of your wealth is your parent 's wealth in america now . us social mobility has been falling like a stone since the 70s . in the 50s/60s/ early 70 it was pretty wide open . of course it was always a boost to come from wealth but these days if you come from poor most likely you will be poor . a poor kid faces a much steeper hill to climb than previous generations even after race , education is accounted for .
chris wallace pushes back on trump all the time . he 's one of about 3 bright spots in the scourge of fox news .
surely biden can just pay some quack to write him a note saying he is the healthiest man on the planet ? it worked for trump
i would love to know . but i have lost all patience .
yeah , no shit you 're not going into it anymore . because you 're wrong . you ca n't point to where i quoted him , because i never did . and yang 's comments on trump are not something i introduced later in the conversation . they were a part of the discussion from the very beginning . my very first comment , i cited two reasons i disliked yang , one was his plan to implement ubi and the other was his leniency toward trump . the only one of us who has invented anything is you claiming that i quoted him . i never did . and you claiming that yang supports a position regarding impeachment when i 've shown you a video of yang himself saying differently .
removed
my son is active duty now and he tells me a lot of vets look past his crap because of the military funding trump provides . he says that nowadays , active duty personnel are strongly encouraged to not say anything bad about a sitting president despite the fact that trumps presidency isn ’ t legitimate . in my time in the military we had no problem discussing what a slime ball tricky dick nixon was . rules change i guess .
that ’ s fair , but it is time for him to move on
3 to 5 point difference , which i would consider virtually tied , vs a 10 to 20 point difference ... you tell me who had the better shot . edit : say what you will , sanders and trump never came as close in polling as did clinton .
there are other ways to stop neonazis , such as deplatforming them so they ca n't preach their hate as easily , vote for people who want stricter laws on hate speech , etc . you do n't have to resort to violence . but i 'm sure you really want to do some extrajudicial killing .
no , we need to find someone with a damn plan that makes financial sense . beating a sitting president in a bull market without major disasters is damn near impossible . what i 've seen so far does n't get me excited for anything before 2024 . i hope i 'm wrong .
oh shit , the real answer.. i ’ m surprised all these other responses got through huckleberry finn without absolutely losing their shit . not understanding his sentiment is either willfully ignorant or discouragingly incompetent .
i meant the super liberal ones
removed
only when it ’ s deserved . sorry if i struck a nerve friend :
you know how i know this species is totally doomed to extinction ? there are plenty of reasons . regardless of your views on global warming and how much of an impact you feel humans may have on the planet itself , we 've undeniably had a major effect on nearly every other species of life on this planet . out of all the various species living on earth around the time we evolved into humans , only around 10 % to 15 % remain . we did n't kill them all , of course . some creatures are n't very tasty , and some are difficult to kill en masse . that means we have yet to achieve a truly epic kill streak . rest assured though , through advancement in manufacturing processes and recent technological breakthroughs , we should be able to murdalize most of the remaining species though indirect methods like deforestation or ocean acidification within the next few decades . if all else fails , we 'll be sure to achieve total victory once we turn the earth into venus 2.0 . it may be possible to extend our time here in the realm of the living if were were to all work together for the greater good of all humanity . in the past few centuries , we 've instituted countless laws and various policies in order to combat this threat through social engineering or threat of violence . it 's was tricky in the us at the beginning . all us citizens being `` equal '' is even in the declaration of independence . but we 've recently managed to fracture and marginalize more citizens than ever before ! there are many methods used to accomplish this task , which i wo n't get into now , but you can spot them easily . call it what you will , group polarization , adversarial process , identity politics , just do n't forget the purpose .
biden 's age is extremely low priority on the number of reasons i do n't want him as president
this is the problem with the internet . journalism used to be about telling truths . then the internet came along and everybody and their fucking mother became a journalist . now i am forced to see quotes by naive , incompetent morons whose worldview is dictated by the windows in their mother 's basement . they spread this absolute bullshit that somehow america is responsible for all the bad things in the whole fucking world , but that america should also be responsible for saving all the people in the whole fucking world on the one hand expressing the view that our actions are destroying people in the world , while on the other hand completely acknowledging that their view of other people is so fucked up that they see them only as things that need saving . they desire so hard to be saviors , and it is so disheartening to see people eating this shit up and sharing it with others in a fully conceited effort to establish just who is the most woke .
bubbles from the 1st season of the wire is more qualified .
it exists now , hospital emergency rooms
yeah none of this matters to people that vote republican . they like this .
why do i need a rationalization of what i witnessed live on tv ?
i wonder how many people in the poll understood that they 'd be getting the same thing .
removed
removed
just saying . cnn and msnbc had experts on today saying meeting with kim was a bad idea .
save your money . the kind words are all i need !
what 's life without whimsy
while it 's tempting to commit the genetic fallacy and just go with `` breitbart supports pedophilia and fascism '' ... you know , that 's actually a good enough argument for me , so nevermind . breitbart supports pedophilia and fascism .
private companies can do whatever they want
removed
`` north korea commits horrific atrocities , but ... . '' & amp ; # x200b ; oh , look , the 'but ' defense .
bernie has the second highest unfavorable rating of everyone running , right after bill de blasio . not great ...
removed
dems like pelosi , hold the party back .
a good christian knows pride is a sin . do n't put this prez on a pedestal when you did everything possible to knock the last one off his .
the full context of his comments is him saying he is n't going to defend nk and then defending them . yes , many countries , including our allies and ourselves have and are vomiting atrocities . that does not make it acceptable nor is it an unavoidable necessity . it should be reason to reevaluate our relationship with them , not to simply shrug it off as the way things are . further , there 's a difference between atrocities during a conflict and atrocities as a matter of policy . nks treatment of their own people is heinous and should not be normalized or equivocated in order to make trump 's own bizarre relationship with kju acceptable .
there used to be a country that stood out as antifascist . one that worked actively to be a leader of the free democratic world . one that appears to no longer exist other than in name .
removed
removed
you mean we will not have a williamson , deblaso ticket ? /s/
because ellie wiesel , a novalist , is the authority on genocide ? & amp ; # x200b ; concentration camps are going on at the border . so yeah , it 's happening . & amp ; # x200b ; & gt ; you really can ’ t make it a single comment without giving me more fodder for proving the ignorance of your statements . you keep saying that , and you keep failing to prove it .
he ’ s a biased host who has said insane shit . he ’ s an entertainer that for some reason goes with trump to nk . he shouldn ’ t be taking tv hosts that praises him on official trips , that should be clear to any one . wanting him to be president is outrageous , childish and makes me sad that there are so many who would think it ’ s funny and/or good .
removed
deleted
removed
alexandria quinta maria ocasio cortez , the woman whose super power is the ability to criticize others with the speaking impediments of a collage drop out even tho she graduated , calling some one out because he 's father is the president , seriously if this is the best america has to fight trump you guys are dead in the water
it 's a comment on trumps callus disregard for human life . is it too on the nose ?
deleted
is there a case of gerrymandering that is n't tied into politics some way since it 's specifically done by politicians ? segregation is clearly a political issue . we have two parties distinctly split on racial issues at least in platitudes . just because a politician claims their gerrymandering has nothing to do with politics does n't make it true .
the camps existed during the entirety of barack obama ’ s tenure .
deleted
they get to live in a better world
honest my ass . honest people do n't blame their problems on `` the others '' huge difference . profascists believe
deleted
their power is us repeating it ... . don ’ t !
removed
what is biased about this ?
tucker carlson on war :
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
they do n't like antifascist violence though hmm i wonder why
whales . they went with whales instead .
& gt ; had stuff acid washed what , bill 's dungarees ? 😆
those are outliers , which is why they appear on the news . provide evidence that they 're not outliers , and this happens consistently .
melania trump was never a super model . she was a model . one gets paid millions for wearing skimpy outfits and one poses as a fake lesbian and marries old slobs with no integrity . is that the part you 're hung up on ? if trump has nothing to hide about his finances he 'd have provided his tax returns to the public .
is anyone actually advocating this ?
ok. tucker pointed out that violence against your own citizens is a part of every government . the person i responsed to disagreed so i gave the example of the us government under obama . questions ?
if you only made it to 18:58 you are missing out on the best parts . i salute you for being a critical thinker , skeptical of what you watch , but that means you have a rare skill in which you can watch something all the way through and not be duped by faulty logic . i implore you to finish it and tell me what you think . listen , cody spelled his name wrong oops makes very good points in all of his videos , but he is fallible and he 's also here to entertain . these videos are not made by noam chomsky . or even ben burgis .
his point is that there are many nations that do lead their countries through bloodshed and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future . it 's reality . `` oh but it does n't have to be like that '' is possible it just is n't going to happen because of many sociopolitical reasons .
this guy is disgusting .
deleted
it 's obvious that dt is cueing her up for in his mind 2024 . it 's about as valid as macron having his own kid there .
& gt ; you realize that a large chunk of sport shooters specifically shoot at moving targets kind of like ... drones ... yeah , start shooting at police property and you might be surprised to discover life is n't really a video game . seriously , it 's dumb shit like that , that you think is totally a normal thing a normal person fantasizes about , that is why we are concerned about your mental capability for safely possessing a firearm .
i 'm fully aware income is degree dependent . i think most people are .
removed
maybe i ’ m naive , but i just feel like political leaders had a serious job to do in governing and they were in some ways above the fray and on a higher level than the talking heads on cable who were like monkeys throwing poop at one another . now the two have entirely merged .
yeah because acknowledging that he 's a bad person would force them to accept the fact that they may in fact be morally questionable . so they have to bend over backwards to convince themselves and others that he 's decent .
and yet , 22 `` lovers '' for trump gets a pass
with obama , talking to adversaries like north korea was deemed treasonous according to fnews crowd . with trump , same blowhards call it genius leadership .
removed
can we stop pretending they 're not fascists yet ? or do we wait until they start rounding up democrats and putting them in camps too ?
removed
seriously , guys ! i mean , obviously the only answer is to put them in concentration camps ! i mean , duh ! lmfao , guys !
hell yea thanks for providing evidence . that guy who initially asked for the source was probably looking for something like this
& gt ; is there a case of gerrymandering that is n't tied into politics some way since it 's specifically done by politicians ? yes , many , like gerrymandering school districts , or keeping a community in one district . `` in addition to its use achieving desired electoral results for a particular party , gerrymandering may be used to help or hinder a particular demographic , such as a political , ethnic , racial , linguistic , religious , or class group '' here 's some more info : & gt ; just because a politician claims their gerrymandering has nothing to do with politics does n't make it true . it does when there are no political parties involved , like when deciding school districts . no party gains an advantage from separating or including races in a given school district .
deleted
pretty sure what he meant by that was that countries will inevitably kill people at some time or another . like us with the indians , the uk with many countries , russia with political adversaries etc .
i think it ’ s more a criticism of us than an endorsement of north korea . remember , hate him all you want , but this is the guy that talked trump out of air strikes on iran last week .
nah , i disagree .
removed
left wing news source attacks right wing news source . lemmings believe it
squandering taxpayers money left and right .
removed
bold of you to assume i gave a shit about politics during obama ’ s presidency . and if it ’ s a sin to be proud of my country i guess i ’ m going to hell
look , they are going to blast him regardless . i get it , it creates drama . but biden can not win and he will if people don ’ t call him out for his ridiculous bullshit . not supporting federal intervention in busing . the hyde amendment flip flop . his failure to really address climate change . these are issues that in my opinion are fair game . lets have a debate about these issues . i believe the american people will choose bernie over biden if they know where both candidates stand .
`` run along , child , the adults are speaking . ''
removed
there are a plethora of wonderful channels out there covering politics these days . keep your mind and hearts open brether !
i mean , both absolutely adhere to the state 's monopoly on violence like it 's dogma , that 's not even a question . liberals absolutely think no one but the state should be violent .
to the same degree that the aca created `` death panels '' .
what the hell are you even talking about ?
that person 's attitude is fuck you i got mine . he or she wo n't know they 're also fucked until it 's too late . and then he will say where is my help ? we are in a bad way . a very bad way .
would you ?
or that they 'd get it in other countries vacationing ?
well then you were dumb to listen then . obama had just finished a relatively good presidency though he was n't without his flaws , and the democratic party was out of touch trying to ride the first ____ president train that helped get obama elected . he is a wellspoken , agreeable and easy going person , but they thought that his skin colour was the only reason he was elected , so they put a corrupt and fucking god awful human being at the head of their campaign , hoping she 'd get elected solely based on her genitalia . there 's a huge difference between then and now .
wow , did n't see that coming .
went to the beach for a short vacation . usually there are people with margaritaville and other lighthearted vacationy type flags where they 've staked a claim by the ocean . now there 's a sprinkling of fucking trump flags out there . idol worship . why inject politics into what should be a relaxing event ? you ca n't escape this shit .
and they might have an argument to make , if they had n't , you know . holed up with terrorists and threatened to murder both police and their own colleagues . not a very good argument , but they 'd have had one . now their `` reason '' does n't matter for fuck . your continued attempts at presenting this like it 's a reasonable dispute between two equally reasonable sides is truly pathetic and just as absurd , and your eyerolling attempts at couching your poisonous views in a fauxpolite veneer have utterly failed .
that 's oddly and satisfyingly specific .
apparently pelosi is in trumps pocket as well ... can you come up with a better reason she ’ s blocking the impeachment proceedings ? and don ’ t give me that “ what if we can ’ t get it done ” bullshit . and while we ’ re at it , lets recall all those republicans that are turning their heads while dumbass ruins our country .
thanks to breitbart for finally pointing out that the immigration debate is less about “ if ” and more about “ how ” . i wonder if they meant to do that ?
i know it ’ s heartbreaking , we can get through it together
deleted
hannity
deleted
because often you have to get the context and where someone come from ? its always good to have multiple perspective . but sure if you dont want to its your choice .
“ kamala harris raised her hand in support of stripping millions of americans off their private health insurance and then turned around and raised her hand in support of giving illegal immigrants free healthcare , ” she wrote ronna mcdaniel
removed
he came off like a hysterical psycho . i was like `` yeah , that 's the kind of guy who could do what he 's accused of '' .
falling on deaf ears .
`` do you even listen to yourself ? '' arrested development
arthur laffer would like a word with you . & gt ; laffer was an economic advisor to donald trump 's 2016 presidential campaign . & gt ; on june 19 , 2019 , president donald trump awarded laffer with the presidential medal of freedom for his contributions in the field of economics
so a large dem victory in 2020 then .
no .
he would also go for walks , but only walk downhill , and have a car waiting at the bottom to pick him up
because senate centrist dems completely caved to mcconnell and did n't vote against the lack of human rights protections in the emergency ice funding bill . we 're left with just a few judges in the circuits to keep any semblance of checks on republican administrations .
accepting that the weak , disloyal , and disobedient must die in order to further the interests of the nation is about as fascist as it gets . what if one day this logic is used to kill you or your family or your friends ? you can laugh and say that idea is ridiculous , but it 's happened before multiple times . personally i 'm glad that people are being vigilant against this bullshit .
yes ... most of the candidates
hit the nail on the head .
acknowledging that people who are n't wealthy white men also deserve human rights . conservatives hate it .
the people voted for representation , they elected a majority of one party . that means the other is a minority . also , when a state senator says to send heavily armed bachelors , that 's a threat . terrorists make threats , sometimes they follow through , sometimes the terrorists are killed by the majority , sometimes they murder innocent people doing their jobs . the state senator threatened to murder people state police for doing their jobs . that 's called terrorism . that makes him a terrorist . play semantics all you care too , terrorist lover .
removed
is he the guy who used to be on cracked ?
removed
removed
his `` wine and dine '' is a fish delight sandwich , small fry , and maybe a shamrock shake if you 've got a particularly grabable pussy .
people are generally pretty happy with their insurance . and they dont want medicare for all if it means losing what they have . because we dont know what it looks like . medicare are premiums and deductibles . what gets covered , to what extent , and what efficacy ratings are required ? will a treatment be approved if it only extends life by 3 months ? will equipment of different costs and quality have different reimbursement rates , or do we either subsidize the lower cost providers or penalize the higher cost providers with high end equipment needed for specialty purposes ?
thanks for the details . i think our disagreement was based more on my rather generous definition of a bed than any problem with the actual facts pretty much i considered anything human sized and flat that was not a concrete floor to be a bed . primarily because it would be an improvement over trump 's malicious arrangements for the children . i doubt that we disagree about trump 's malicious intentions .
thank you for linking this . i am proud of the bbc ’ s pretty good neutrality and to be honest would not not expect a bbc journalist to be putting something like this in one of their articles unless it was a quote .
yeah you 're just asking questions . you do n't care that a trump staffer is impersonating biden online . this sounds a whole lot like `` who cares about how they got the emails , let 's just talk about what 's in them '' . i 'm not looking forward to this shit again .
removed
humans adapted back when we were still nomadic and borders were n't a thing . adapting now literally means investing money in infrastructure . money for pumps , levies , dams . money for solar voltaic panels , battery storage . money to make buildings more temperate . money to make roads and bridges more resilient to increasing temperatures . we are making a costly mistake through inaction .
cringe warning
and then they were pro life , until it no longer suited their purpose
no , and neither did tucker . are you familiar with the concept of monopoly on violence ?
the washington times is owned by the moonies .
he is either evil or insane .
err , no . it ’ s definitely true that there is a lot more subtlety to what he says , but he is quoted saying that to lead a country you have to kill people . that means killing people who protest your rule . if you accept his statement without stopping to understand what is really being said , you ’ re tacitly approving authoritarian rule .
the prime rib roast !
potato/potato , this administration is a joke .
removed
`` realism ''
handshakes , hugs , fist bumps ... trump is the most awkward at all gestures that make people seem more human . that should tell you something .
i 'm not a liberal though
saying it went away was a poor choice of words . after it initially hit , maybe an hour and a half after taking the gel capsule containing pure rock , everything got very loud and i was sweating my ass off . i started to panic , but after the intermission ended and the music began i felt better , but by no means do i mean the effects had gone away .
if someone asked me something really intelligent like : why do n't you hate differential calculus ? i 'd be caught off guard until i figured out what the specimen was trying to do . information ? or , asshole ?
if you think he ’ s a turd , you should meet rupert murdoch .
i think tucker carlson should go work for kim . he should demonstrate his faith on kim 's system by mediating the `` negotiations '' between the us and nk . spoiler alert :
there 's that too :
that 's because right after he says there 's no defending nk ... he defends nk . trying to place it in the context of `` everyone kills people '' is like saying it 's ok for trump to lie all day every day just because everyone lies from time to time . tucker normalized nk 's atrocities by treating them as a necessity of state craft . they are not , nor are the majority of atrocities committed by the us and our allies .
all rightwingers belong in a mental asylum .
not a trump supporter , however this is the most pointless news . they do this all the time specifically with trump , it 's actually obnoxious . maybe rightfully deserved , still annoying , who cares .
how many , exactly ? hint : 0 . before the first two children died in trump 's custody , it had been more than a decade since that had happened . source : relevant quote : & gt ; `` to put this in perspective , there were six migrant deaths while in cbp custody during fy 2018 – none whom were children . in fact , it has been more than a decade since cbp has had a child pass away in their custody . it is now clear that migrants , particularly children , are increasingly facing medical challenges and harboring illness caused by their long and dangerous journey .
removed
what a clown
more republicans voted 3rd party than democrats .
the point of that clip was the song frome the show twin peaks here ’ s a scene from the show with that music maybe that will help see what the reference was to
love is patient , love is kind . it does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . it is not rude , it is not selfseeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . it always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . love never fails . but where there are prophecies , they will cease ; where there are tongues , they will be stilled ; where there is knowledge , it will pass away . for we know in part and we prophesy in part , but when perfection comes , the imperfect disappears . when i was a child , i talked like a child , i thought like a child , i reasoned like a child . when i became a man , i put childish ways behind me . now we see but a poor reflection as in a mirror ; then we shall see face to face . now i know in part ; then i shall know fully , even as i am fully known . and now these three remain : faith , hope and love . but the greatest of these is killing a few people
this is what he meant below it ’ s more a criticism of us than an endorsement of north korea . remember , hate him all you want , but this is the guy that talked trump out of air strikes on iran last week .
exactly , this is what is so disappointing . introspecting and saying sorry is an indication of strength . humility is a marker of intelligence . anybody incapable of saying `` i was wrong '' is , by definition , a clinical idiot .
hey bud , welcome back to reddit ! why were you gone so long ? kinda weird to come back now , but whatevs , great to have you back in action !
nope , just waiting for your brilliant idea . should i assume i ’ ll never see it ?
it 's pretty depressing when you 're glad he 's taking a fascist tv show host with him instead of his actual advisors . hellworld trundles on ...
based on these debates , my prediction is that sanders will remain the farleft radical candidate that fox news and dump will target for being 'socialist ' and who will fail to pickup the more central voters that are scared of him , meanwhile someone like warren who is slightly less radical will have the chance to secure the needed support to make it through to the presidency , possibly picking up sanders as vp . he has shifted the bar so much that this avenue is possible , and for that i love him . i of course would be happy to see him as president , but that is n't my prediction .
or people who set up a meeting poorly
north korea stands for zero ideals that justify taking lives .
underrated joke not understood by people assuming you didn ’ t know who chamberlain was .
removed
removed
ryan , delaney , hickenlooper , inslee , gabbard , and madame moon crystals are not gon na be around very long
& gt ; its almost like when she came out in favor of single payer all of the think tanks called off their posting farms . or y'know , it 's almost like there was a big televised debate that she was n't in . if you 're worried about bots and spam posting , then you should probably be concerned about people that we already know for a fact were supported by it last time around , namely bernie .
ok tucker ... you first .
removed
the headline uses a part of his quote directly . most certainly the part of the quote that calls his interests into question .
this is a ice cream flavor from brusters
yes and that needs to change
is n't it already in discussing phase , why would my suggestion delay it ?
also one ruined a perfectly good milkshake by adding facists , the worst topping .
perhaps my statement was too ambiguous : i was n't saying one is a payroll tax and the other is n't , i was saying they are both options he proposed at the same time , and one is on employers and the other is on employees . contrary to what you claimed , he did n't take a previous 7.5 % proposal and cut it to 4 % for his new one .
sweetheart , this isn ’ t celebrity apprentice
i don ’ t recall him announcing that at all . his “ kickoff “ didn ’ t have any pence on any 2020 stuff . as far as i know anything with pence is coming from the gop and not trump campaign .
removed
the us position got weaker , so yeah something changed .
they advocate a better way of paying for it . we already pay for it through our premiums and taxes because emergency rooms ca n't refuse people .
stop wasting my life , bye .
please go away and allow the adults to talk . you are going to have to try harder than that . seriously , 45 times in two days ? get a real hobby or go out and be active in whatever political campaign you actually believe in . if it is aoc and what she stands for , great , put that annoying ability to mindlessly copy/paste you have to actual use by joining a crew of volunteers . check out the rest of this poster ’ s comments in this thread . they are almost all this . i am a curious type and checked their profile . 45 times in two days , the same line in several threads , at times that often make no sense . if this isn ’ t poorly played mind games , it is certainly the most lazy redditing i ’ ve seen .
it 's more that this is a country with a history of human rights violations and this is a president that 's violating human rights at the border and he still even has a hard time saying that that is n't ok
and morally speaking outright denying people input on a national law is wrong especially when it affects tens of thousands of people and deprives them of privately owned property . but much like danerys targeryan you know what is right and nobody else gets to have a say . & gt ; but go ahead , act like you care about what 's best for average americans . pretty sure not ignoring the constitution is good for average americans . pretty sure that making sure the rights set out in the constitution are respected and not infringed is good for every american . and pretty sure that you intentionally misinterpreting a law you dislike is not moral , ethical or legally speaking correct . the 2a has always been an individual right and just because you dislike it and that fact had to be specifically stated in a court of law by the highest court in the land doe n't make it some brand new interpretation unless you can find me any time in the history of the nation that it was a prerequisite that in order to own a gun you must be a member of the state militia this idea that the 2a has ever not been an individual right is nonsense .
& gt ; interesting . so how did they force millions more to vote for hillary clinton ? they did n't force him , they just made sure the dnc election infrastructure was nonexistent , fraudulently funnel money from other candidates to hillary , and threatened other democratic politicians that they would run candidates against them if they did n't support her monetarily and campaignwise . and this is just what we know from wikileaks . sanders was in effect running against both trump and the dnc . & gt ; the truth is that people pushing this bullshit have an agenda and it 's to harm the party and dismiss democratic voters . this is n't just something im making up , after sanders supporters sued the dnc , the dnc literally went to trial on the argument that they could ignore voters , and pick whomever mangement wanted to run for candidate . the democratic party is very blatant about not caring who the voters want . & gt ; no thinking person believes any of it . this kind of thing may work on conservatives and `` independents '' but it does n't work on us . i mean ... they did actually rig the primary against bernie . a number of people were forced to retire over it , and by retire i mean get cushy jobs with rich clinton doners .
okay i 'm sorry , what in the fuck does this have to do with anything ? the answer is absolutely nothing . this guy can in no way defend his actual position , which is that it is totally okay for state representatives to barricade themselves away with guns and threaten to murder anyone who makes them do their sworn duties . so instead he immediately tries to swerve it to an argument about slavery and the civil war . completely and utterly blatant .
we just say `` bingo ''
the right to healthcare is the right to someone else 's services basically . its the difference between positive rights and negative rights . you have a right for example to not have your liberty taken , that 's a negative right . a positive right , like housing , food , health services , you are entitled to other people 's labor but the question is , how much of it are you entitled to . that is a positive right .
well blumpf is a communist so ...
if they interrupt drug trade they get a visit from the cia .
removed
because most of us who live in reality balk at the idea of centralizing force in the hands of the government .
& gt ; eople who borrowed to go to college clearly are n't wealthy to begin with they probably are n't from a wealthy family depending on who you define wealthy , but there 's a very good chance they are well above median income now .
why do you care so much what two consenting adults do in private
carlson 's nose is so far up trump 's ass he can smell where hannity 's balls used to be .
they laughed about it .
deleted
removed
bernie is actually my # 1 choice but i ’ ve always been a fan of warren , too i actually knew about her before bernie but when it was clear she wasn ’ t running in 2016 , i got fully on board with bernie . i honestly feel like we ’ d be in great hands with either of them as potus as they have more similarities between them than differences . i ’ m just stoked that we have two great and viable progressives running this time and everyone else is scrambling to the left to catch up . what a difference four years makes ! : d
removed
he asked why you support people making terrorist threats and your answer to his question was : & gt ; tomorrow my gas is going up $ 0.47 a gallon and it 's already $ 3.70 a gallon . & gt ; & gt ; tbh that 's pretty fucking gay . & gt ; but you do you i guess . sounds a lot like condoning terrorism and murder because you might have to pay more for gas .
that ’ s my response too . you want the cost off the books or on the books ?
yep , go look at twitter . just hit them with a first lady pornstar . just using their logic . 🤷‍♂️
yes , great point . the cbc does what they can in nb , and an exceptional job considering the circumstances .
are you ok with this ?
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's why they 're called docktors .
deleted
and it ’ s not mcconnell either , it ’ s the entire gop . they can replace him at any time .
removed
so this country isn ’ t founded on ‘ christian ’ principles ... good to know finally .
besides the obvious moral obligation and public health benefits , i guess they tend to leave out that all americans would be getting healthcare without having to pay premiums , copays , and deductibles , too , and that this would actually be cheaper instead of having to cover er costs for undocumented immigrants instead . but what do i know , i 'm just a dumb lib .
doctors are mandatory reporters aren ’ t they ? from previous reports the children seem to be not properly cared for therefore the doctors should be making reports to cps . if an individual is not properly caring for a child the child can be removed from their custody by cps . does this also apply to organisations ?
stop insulting rags
removed
& gt ; no , and neither did tucker . yes he did . `` on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . '' with the context being , talking about regimes , aka the way countries treat their people , he clearly did say that leading a country meaning killing people from the country you are leading . anyway if you do n't have any actual arguments to present , i 'm done arguing . all you do is nitpick parts of my arguments and never giving your own , that 's not how a discussion works .
so walkie talkies seemed like space age tech to you ?
oops , that 's not okay .
removed
you are comparing clinton 's final polling after a grueling general election campaign to bernie 's polling in ... may ? you really have no pretense of honesty do you ? the graph i showed you was perfectly sufficient . during the primary , which is what we are talking about since you 're claiming people ignored these polls in making her the nominee , she held a comfortable lead over him . on super tuesday for example , the day that she put the primary out of reach for bernie , she was up by about 8.3 points and he was up by about 10.2 points . yes , bernie 's lead was generally higher , but to suggest she was polling even with them during the primary is a flat out lie . stop .
& gt ; despite what some of the president ’ s supporters think , you can not celebrate his policies and ignore his poor behavior . `` oh yeah ? just watch us . we 'll celebrate both ! '' trump supporters
funny this article ignores the entire comment . but what ’ s the use here
wow . she provided people with some entertainment . literally anyone could have called out joe . she got to it first . newsflash : she is n't the first democratic cadidate to call out biden .
he ’ s criticizing not condoning .
rght after he says there 's no defending nk ... he defends nk . trying to place it in the context of `` everyone kills people '' is like saying it 's ok for trump to lie all day every day just because everyone lies from time to time . tucker normalized nk 's atrocities by treating them as a necessity of state craft . they are not , nor are the majority of atrocities committed by the us and our allies .
and some people are wrong . normal sarcasm relies on tone of voice and facial expressions to be understood .
only a matter of time before they start beginning to `` review '' legal immigrants too and start rounding them up as well if they do n't pass the ethnicity test .
as a south korean born american citizen this makes me sick .
public institutions determine their tuition through local institutional boards or state depts of education . now in sanders ' plan , xamount would be allocated to the state if and only if it can prove that it spends it through the right channels and regulates tuition from the public colleges and those 200 private ones identified that are eligible .
did she bring the burning questions regarding hand bag design to the world stage ?
who said anything about trusting ? did i say it or was it you . please check the previous comments in this thread . and straight to the personal attacks . that ’ s not allowed as per the rules . is this the kind of progressive discussions that reddit is famous for nowadays ?
removed
removed
a quick view of your history shows that you are not a extrump voter . no need to pretend .
it must be hard to be quarantined . do you miss your peoples ?
deleted
& gt ; there 's a reason she was placed in the low tier debate group , away from all the other frontrunners . no there is n't . it was randomly drawn .
watch the whole segment .
that 's a little harsh . i 'm sure she 'd make a fairly reasonable coffeefetching intern if she tried hard enough .
i 'm not actually sure i agree with may 's point here , since approaching it from an economic viewpoint also seems to turn a lot of people away from the subject .
i think it 's more nefarious than that . it makes certain cabinet members beholden directly to trump rather than the american people via the senate .
seriously , what is happening ? ? ?
the voices of reason in this administration would be hilarious if they weren ’ t so terrifying
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
hi ` draganda ` , your post ` fox demoniserte obama for å ville snakke med kim jongun . dette sier de i dag ` has been removed because the youtube channel is not on our whitelist . to submit to our whitelist , please view this link , which will allow you to submit submit a url for consideration . if this was in error , please message the moderators . note : we will not be whitelisting channels that do not adhere to our rules . if you submit a rule breaking channel to our whitelist form , we may match your form submission against your reddit submission and ban your account . if you are deemed to be a spammer , your account will be reported to the admins ! channels that will absolutely not be considered include personal blogs , satirical or entertainment based channels , nonreputable / notable channels and blatant spam . do not submit a channel for whitelisting that has rulebreaking content . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
uh , excuse me i think you mean `` achomlishments ''
it will be shelved in the `` fiction '' section of every book store .
that ’ s one of my favorites too . simple , but funny as hell
why do i have this feeling that this is the one no one will read ?
you will be able to find it in the fiction section at your local book store
q : do you think climate change is something the us needs to deal with ? me : you know obama had a bigger inauguration crowd . it was at least twice as big as trump 's . i yield my time . ... q : how should we deal with china spying on our telecommunication systems ? me : you know obama deported more illegal immigrants than trump . everybody knows that . i yield my time . ... q : what do you think the us should do about ocean plastic ? me : recent polls prove us citizens still love john mccain more than trump . i yield my time . ... q : how do we get better trade deals with the eu ? me : when the saudis played golf with obama , he actually won without cheating . i yield my time . ... q : should the us increase its defense spending ? me : did you see stormy daniel 's new drawing of trump 's dick ? it 's as short as my answers . i yield my time .
i don ’ t care about any entertainer ’ s career . this sub is for politics .
likewise
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
oh right , ha ha whoops i ’ m sleep deprived i ’ ll fix it thanks !
the fascist 's chub
there are much better fiction writers . and nonfiction writers . and fanfiction writers .
harris is n't progressive , and her whole career up until now has been about kneecapping progressives .
proof ?
god forbid sick people get care . what kind of country would we be if we didn ’ t let people die of preventable causes ?
does n't congress have to confirm people who accompany the president ?
maybe de facto forced . but everyone with accounts has the ability to decline the policy . every new customer can just be ... not a new customer . i do n't know why `` she needs answers '' . if she 's as smart as her supporters claim , she knows the answer : this is a good move for the bank . get a grassroots campaign going to get as many constituants as possible to opt out . bank : does something out of self interest democrats : pikachu face
fascist gon na fascist
u.s. citizens who do n't support trump have now officially been warned .
scotus already picked their cases for next session , if they did decide to hear this it would be a couple years out .
removed
hansen . so hot right now
poll is from rasmussen which only polls land line owners . their polls can not accurately represent the majority of the nation on anything . conversely , breitbart is an extremist site . those extremists are too stupid to understand that bacterium and viruses do not care about skin color or citizenship status .
the difficulty of his run for president is that the real biden is under scrutiny . biden ca n't change who he is , and ca n't escape his past . his personal charm and schmoozing approach is just not enough . perfect for vp but not enough substance to win . he also does n't appear to think well on his feet , as evidenced by debate and gaffes .
right but do we truly have the `` right '' to food and housing ? the amount of homeless and starving people that we have would indicate otherwise . at the very least it indicates that there is an ambivalence towards enforcing those rights
i guess you just like the taste of his boot
we already have people in concentration camps . children , in concentration camps . only difference is we call kim jong un ’ s by their name , concentration camps . what ’ s the fundamental difference between his and ours ?
no , but if you 're talking about a country that has state supported rape and you say , `` eh , there 's rape in every country '' than that 's pretty disturbing . it 's also a way better example than your straw man .
so no other candidate has talked about instituting a mandatory buyback or banning anything ?
it would be terrible to lose any two of those people from the senate .
literally responded someone who said he said it .
how about we put congress on va healthcare , then see how long it takes them to fix it ?
not one that elects anyone officially , but 40 out of 45 presidents have also received the majority of votes cast on election day , and of those five that did not win a majority of citizens ' votes , two were in the past two decades the others were pre1900 .
say no to joe
i agree . unfortunately the dnc has more money to run candidates than groups like the justice democrats and they get a nice bump in donations from corporations every time they agree to sell out their constituents . also unfortunate is the fact that while the dnc continues to do this , they lose more and more seats , especially at the state level , and that 's gon na hurt when it comes time to redraw the districts next year .
removed
that is a shame , i like hickenlooper , inslee , and williamson has some good points .
as it sits now , american employers are our immigration services . it 's as asinine as using the bmv as our eye doctors . the gov't leaves it up to the states and their employee hiring practices . american employers just do n't give a fuck . that 's capitalism for ya .
i 'm going to provide links to specific videos ; each video 's channel is a recommendation , i 'm just choosing videos to start with for that channel . witchcraft , gender , & amp ; marxism philosophy tube subverting the narrative knowing better mitch mcconnell , paul ryan , and the gravediggers of democracy some more news jordan peterson contrapoints charlottesville : the true alt right shaun my descent into the alt right pipeline faraday speaks flat earth : a measured response hbomberguy these have good productions values , i thought i 'd lead with them to keep you entertained . but there are lots more of just people talking like mexie , beau of the fifth column , kat blaque , michael brooks , sam seder , thought slime , the young turks . if you 're ready fro some concrete economics lessons , you can also watch some videos of talks by warren mosler , stephanie kelton , and l randall wray .
facebook told me illegal imgrants before veterans ! ! !
deleted
curious leading into this it was biden bernie warren harris . biden lost ground so i imagine we are looking at a field closer to bernie harris/warren biden . and now we seem to not be hearing much about bernie in the polls . there 's a greater emphasis it seems to push the advancement of the alternatives to bernie .
yeah ... .the white house . 😂😅
& gt ; but it isn ’ t like that though . “ saying they don ’ t seem all that bad ” implies they aren ’ t the single worst . which tucker clearly says north korea are the single worst . no , it doesn ’ t . it implies that they haven ’ t done anything so horrible that we should condemn trump for trying to flatter kju in a vain attempt to negotiate with . that ’ s how he ’ s defending them . he ’ s acknowledging their human rights violations and abject tyranny but also saying we should forgive them if we can negotiate something from them .
literally every country has killed numerous citizens
he was taken to er you sick fuck
republicans do n't believe that undocumented immigrants pay taxes . through the three jobs they 've stolen while also being lazy and stealing welfare from hardworking methaddicted disabled white people .
trump got elected because the dems colluded to nominate hilary , who was a horrible , and corrupt as they come , candidate . you ’ re talking about “ evidence provided ” and all you ’ re saying is “ false ” ... trump is president , and he hasn ’ t been charged or given anything further than accusations regarding russia , seems you ’ re the one that bears burden of proof . innocent til proven guilty , i assume you took 3rd grade social studies .
by design . corrupt secretaries who could be thrown under the bus at any moment are totally beholden to trump , with zero power or authority to stand up to him or contradict him on anything he says .
sanders is also most like trump ; angry , loud , somewhat defensive etc . his image on stage is all of that and would certainly appeal to some portion of trump voters not his base , but others on the fringes , particularly blue collar workers .
so the left blaming third party voters is an even weaker argument ?
member how obama was president for 8 years ?
removed
what a disgusting thing to say to that piece of shit . imagine if obama and said that . or fuckin hillary clinton ? fox news would have people rioting outside the whitehouse . the hypocrisy is to thick to swallow . it ’ s fucked . trump could literally do everything obama was blasted for by fox news and they would have a reason as to why it was a great think that trump did it . there ability to manipulate reality and the views of people that constantly view it is impressive . goebbels dick would be so fuckin hard for fox news and social media .
that 's how she fits into them . the diapers help hold them up too . lol
this is probably true someone made the comment that trump is the most american of presidents . the only difference being that he does n't disguise his evil behind soaring but ultimately empty rhetoric about truth , justice , and the american way . he 's the bumbling , idiot fascist , not the cool , wellspoken , harvardeducated fascist .
young people will show up if you earn their vote . aka talk about the issues that matter to them , not to their grandparents . if your campaign slogan is `` get off my lawn '' and you only pay attention to people with landlines , they 're not going to give you the time of day . ok the get off my lawn is a bit far , but most of the biden polls are predominately landlines . there was a time in washington when compromise happened . but since newt gingrich , the definition of compromise is more like the gop taking hostages . i do n't think for one second that mitch mcconnell will work with any democratic president at all which is why he needs to go down himself . we need a president that understands the reality that mitch wo n't work with them no matter what . i do n't think biden will be the nominee . the media treats this race like it is his to lose , and he is doing all he can to lose it .
“ i ’ m totally exonerated ! ..but the investigation was rigged ! ... .but mueller found no collusion ! ... but he ’ s very conflicted ! ... but barr said no obstruction ! ... but the investigation was a witch hunt ! ..but it totally clears me ! ..but it ’ s a lie ! .. ”
ah yes , the famous formula : now ya see , i 'm not at all x , but insert comment that clearly proves i am/support x .
wow rockauto ? well no more ordering from them i guess . i 'll just go to discount .
deleted
good god , man . there ’ s nothing you won ’ t defend as long as it ’ s against trump , isn ’ t there ? do you like being misled ?
your submission ` stephanie grisham bruised in 'an all out brawl ' with the north koreans ` was automatically removed because ` cnn.it ` is not on our approved source whitelist . r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source . domains must : be notable , as defined by our domain notability guidelines . notable domains will consist of news organizations , research organizations , political advocacy groups , governmental agencies / bodies , and political parties . contain articles , videos or soundclips relevant to current us politics contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source . be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey . if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist , please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us . however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form , we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account . if you submit a spam domain via the form , your account may be reported to the site administrators . to submit a domain for approval use this form and follow the instructions provided i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah , the developers have the plan to sell the entire thing before 5 years so no loss for them .
why bother ? he 's killing his election hopes all by himself just fine .
i said `` one of '' in acknowledgment that the shitty economics advisers club has room to grow .
i know , `` crying '' .
why should they he ’ s just a slumlord .
& gt ; the only 'leader ' that has inflamed the situation in nk is trump . i 'm sorry that your history books begin in fall of 2016 . i 've personally been on that line .
see ya there . i 'll be at the bar .
we know you 're serious because you prefaced your comment with lmao . thanks .
was your implication that trump relied on even worse advisors ?
they are limited to one reply every ten minutes for all of r/politics . i wo n't be able to make any more comments for ten minutes now .
not going to defend nk . defends nk not a relativist , normalizes nk by comparing their atrocities to our allies ' and suggestion they 're necessary .
“ pull yourself up by your bootstraps ... no , wait , not you ! you ’ re not allowed to make something of yourself unless we allow it ! ”
i will give kim credit for working to get a lot of people who should n't be in jail out of jail . she 's genuinely using her public spotlight for good .
fart bubbles in a hot tub would be less offensive .
fiction has to make sense .
removed
harris is strong , probably the best in the field , doing the equivalent of impeaching a witness . she 's not nearly as strong when it comes to articulating or defending her policies and political aspirations . we 'll see , but i think the latter is more important over the course of a long campaign .
this simulation desperately needs to be reset . this season has really jumped the shark .
unless they have n't been born yet .
possible titles truth : who needs it ? getting paid for doing nothing how to keep press corp idiots in suspense only blank pages after the title page i am the true image of donald trump 's soul
republicans pounce on anything that would be considered the humane thing to do , even for us citizens ... ..shocker
a team of scientists really need to get together and study the right wing brain .
his sponsors endorse specifically or tacitly what he spews . if you do n't like it , organize a boycott against those who fund him .
oh no , i know , i 'm asking if they knew .
this subreddit is awesome until you say something negitve towards a liberal .
punce all you want . the goal post has moved .
every once in a while tucker carlson gives me a faint glimmer of hope . and then the very next day he breaks my heart all over again .
do you think hitler was a socialist ?
he is forgetting about the atrocities committed by america . so , your allies arent really much worse than you .
removed
kindergarten health for republicans : you can get tb and a myriad of airborne diseases just by breathing the air that someone who is sick _and untreated_ breathed hours or even the day before . you can miscarry a baby or have a child that is neurologically damaged by exposure to unvaccinated individuals , or individuals who are actively infected or carriers of major diseases that we try so hard to eradicate . health care for all people present in _your_ vicinity is health care for _you_ , too .
i always see this as achomplishments
deleted
& gt ; it 's not fascism , it 's capitalism i disagree with you slightly . i 'd argue fascism is a natural evolution of capitalism , as powerful plutocrats seek to solidify their control over the population by presenting it with scapegoats for the suffering caused by capitalist greed . it 's certainly no coincidence that nazi germany was a world leader in privatization of public services .
removed
book publishers are such a cancer at this point . you just know these are all ghostwritten trash too , this will be no different
what would jesus do ? /s
but mexico is paying for it right , why would we refuse free money from them ?
that 's fuckin hilarious , i love reddit . guess the hivemind ca n't be the hivemind in some subs .
you 're just a spiteful crude . if you ca n't see the betterment in allowing others to go to college easily because `` i suffered so should you '' then you 're just an ass . plain and simple .
but did he cross legally ?
removed
the wikileaks emails proved that there wasn't a conspiracy against bernie . the only `` damning '' emails showed that people did n't like bernie but did n't take any specific action yeah , some actions were recommended , and they all came after bernie lost in new york , ending any slim chance that he had left . so yeah , if this is the material that the russians someone convinced you was reason `` why '' people should be `` skeptical , '' then i ca n't even imagine what stupid shit they 'll trick you with this time .
nobody likes biden though .
removed
he ’ s not wrong . military and police die all the time . it ’ s how protecting and serving goes . you do your best but sometimes the worst happens .
yeah world peace is so underrated .
harris campaign : please sue the trump campaign . seek monetary damages , but also , seek to disqualify trump from appearing on the ballot in the next election . there must be a provision in some states , for removing candidates convicted of fraud , from appearing on the ballot in future elections .
whataboutism and election season . established 2016 .
being a bartender is though . yeah whatever .
oh , come on ! i just got here ! !
as much as i dislike fox and the current administration , traveling with the white house press has always been the norm . it 's so innocent it even happened in the west wing .
it 's unfortunate but understandable that the only people trump can trust is his family . but when you 're draining the swamp you 'll have enemies everywhere . the news media , the democratic party , the republican party , facebook , google , youtube , reddit , etc . i 'd rather his daughter than a brain dead senator like aoc any day though . green new deal ... .lol
based
removed
stanlinist regime ? uhh ... juche much , brah ?
people always say it was the tape but in my view if she wanted to be a celebrity so was goi g to become famous . her dad , best friend for a time , stepdad and boyfriends sister were all internationally famous . even ray j had a bit of fame . and she was already on tv . if she wanted to be a celebrity it was going to happen .
disgusting
removed
deleted
he was uninterested in the debates because he expected the carpet to be rolled out for him and democrats to be grateful that `` vice president joe biden '' is coming to save us all from big bad meanie trump . i think he genuinely does n't understand why he has to go through all of this .
virtue untested is no virtue at all in a sick way , i am grateful to trump for opening my eyes .
the fact that you think the context makes this better instead of worse is honestly appalling .
fucker carlson
being a human being does not entitle you anything . you need to earn it by being part of the society while taking on your responsibility and contributing to the society , then the society grants you the right to access the help and safety net it provides . i am tired of hearing the arguments about what the society should provide , without defining and enforcing the corresponding responsibility for members .
it was castro
the context in which he lied about mass surveillance of american citizens . yeah . no thanks .
removed
the house is controlled by the democrats , thank god .
ooh how original
lol over on brietbart they think this was an accomplishment . it ’ s hilarious . “ lol obama never could have done that ! ! ! ” bwahahaha ! ! ! !
& gt ; there 's no way both spots on the ticket go to black candidates . and why not ?
okay , i am rereading the news report . he was ready , but not in a rush . once he found out it is 150 correcting the number and chooses to do economic pressure instead . i do apologize for getting that wrong . i 'm happy that he changed his mind and went economic than war , once he found out about casualties .
& gt ; winning a congressional election is n't a guarantee that someone is qualified to be a member of congress . fucking kill me
what 's the monthly rent on the tenement ?
removed
getting really tired of the executive being able to overlook the law by just putting his “ guys ” into place . real mafia shit .
you mean we need to support those democrats that just helped pass a clean funding bill for ice concentration camps ? & amp ; # x200b ; democrats can easily be as bad or worse than republicans . people need to know where candidates stand on issues and vote accordingly . party loyalty is why trump is president today .
there 's all kinds of things that can be historic without being ceremonious . if anything , the first meeting was at least historic on some level . but because trump and co kinda spiked the peace ball well before that , every other milestone feels less impactful without a sense of progress . it 's diminishing returns , ultimately .
deleted
yeah the guy in the article was definitely killed and it ’ s definitely the left who does all the terrorism and extrajudicial killing in this country , mhm , very smart
so is trump .
someone has to let these corporations know that medicare for all might mean they would not have to pay into employee healthcare , they would save money . i think sanders plan at one time involved an extra 56 percent on the taxpayers end with no additional deductions off their paychecks for healthcare unless they opted into a company healthplan
as an american , me too . my family fled germany during the rise of hitler . they fled to america , and were the greatest patriots i know . they refused to speak german around the children because they did not want them infected with bad ideology . not one of their kids can speak the language , but not three generations later half the family follows the ideology they fled . that generation of immigrants grew old , and they died about the time the ideology they fled took office . what am i to do ? what am i to learn from that ?
and nbc totally did n't inject any bias into their coverage . right . i 'm not saying stuff is fucky . i 'm saying it certainly looks fucky .
a prime example the hugely expansion program that is daca was not an eo but a presidential memo
does it make you feel good to score points off of evil libruls ? fake outrage or not , what 's going on now is geneva convention breaking wrong . where 's your outrage about that ? or are you too busy worrying about the past and what ca n't be undone ? or maybe this is just a good way to avoid dealing with the reality of what your country is doing this very minute and your president has agreed to and is not only allowing to continue , but revelling in the fact it is happening , and thousands of americans cheering for it .
removed
removed
define the word ‘ plot ’ and ask again . heck i ’ ll do it for you . “ planning in secret to commit an illegal or harmful act ” so 1 . ‘ planning ’ : this regards intent . planning means intent to take action , whereas statements can be made without that intent , for numerous other motivations . 2 : ‘ secret ’ : if youre making thousands of phone calls without taking action i might add , there ’ s nothing ‘ secret ’ about that . and for the hell of it let ’ s define terrorism shall we ? ‘ use of violence and intimidation for political gains ’ so while this man may have been attempting to intimidate people and was certainly harassing them , there is no evidence of intent to commit violence , terrorism , or even evidence that he was in fact a ‘ trump supporter ’ and whether or not that was his motivation . he acted criminally , sure . that ’ s about it .
normalizing a murderous dictator . just trump things .
agreed , does n't address my question .
as a conservative who refuses to vote for trump , there 's not a chance in hell i 'd vote for sanders or warren . it 's just not going to happen . that being said , if the nominee is someone like biden or buttigieg , i 'll have to make a determination ... it might be worth it to deal with that candidate for four years , and see where we are in 2024 . but democrats would be losing all our moderate votes , and making a big mistake , if they push too far left . i 'm not a socialist and i will never vote for socialism . democrats should offer us an acceptable choice .
fucking a !
a bolt action rifle is a military style weapon .
best state media
i was pretty disgusted watching bill maher of friday shallowly attempting to compliment trump for going to war with iran yet . the situation is untenable . no one is act the wheel and many just assume the rest of the world with do the right thing till trump is gone . it is irresponsible .
removed
invanka orange breathing intensifies
it really is , but then again if the administration did ... well ... anything humanely these kids would n't be alone in the first damn place . :
this is by design .
if you need it explained to you like you 're a 5 year old , yes . cattle farming produces methane which is a greenhouse gas .
this is what happens when your ideology comes second to worshipping your dear leader . trump could go on tv tomorrow and say `` communism is the answer to all our problems '' and the right wingers would find a way to start loving communism .
well in that case , i 'm antigerrymandering for political gain and it would depend on if it makes sense to me in nonpolitical situations . in the case of school segregation , i 'm against that .
she does n't have much in the way of policies .
i mean , basically your argument is that recognizing the concept of monopoly on violence is an endorsement of murder . i cant actually believe someone has to explain to you how dumb that is . even more amazing that you seem to stick to it even after having it explained .
removed
lol , we know you 're serious because you ended your rant with an awesome ad hominem .
like father , like daughter . and son , and son ...
camera op
his entire campaign platform was based on cruelty and oppression . amazing that so few people cared .
face their families ? they make as much money as they do so they can go days in the same house without ever seeing each other .
no i heard you . you do n't have anything to back it up but rhetoric because there is no case law yet ... .. so sit back like everyone else champ and see how this case pans out .
oh shit she went there
oh no worries , we absolutely agree . never thought i ’ d see the reemergence of concentration camps . especially in the us .
hi ` marisa_nya ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : your headline must be comprised only of the exact copied and pasted headline of the article see our rule here . we recommend not using the reddit 'suggest a title ' as it may not give the exact title of the article . the all caps and 'breaking ' rule is applied even when the actual title of the article is in all caps or contains the word 'breaking' . this rule may be applied to other single word declarative and/or sensational expressions , such as 'exclusive : ' or 'hot : ' . click here for more details if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
deleted
limbaugh and tumblr ? bet he has even more to rant about since they censored all the porn .
& gt ; not ignoring the constitution is good for average americans you must have skipped history class . & gt ; the 2a has always been an individual right since 2008 , in a 54 decision , where the dissenting opinion was clearly the correct one . edit : swapped out link to 13th amendment to 3/5ths compromise
bernie literally won every county in west virginia but got none of the delegates . there was wrong doing but the party has worked hard to make things more fair . perhaps too fair since so many were on the debate stage . why can ’ t you just admit wrongdoing and move on .
removed
federal handouts . did you read my link ? democratic states are the makers and republican states are the takers .
does anyone here have crayons to explain the ground realities to this top kek ?
not when your father an admiral .
for conservatives it means kill people to get what you want . for liberals it means you need to learn self defense is ok because conservatives will kill you .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
looking forward too it
works great in norway , denmark , sweden . what are your standards for `` working ? ''
odd that we did n't hear ted cruz crying when ppb let outofstate nazis keep a nest of rifles on top of a downtown garage .
if he tries hard enough , i ’ m betting trump could “ destroy the whole country ” in one day .
if you 're claiming tulsi `` say 'radical islam ' you kenyan tyrant ! '' gabbard is more progressive than bernie , you 're not interested in good faith . bannon vetted her for a white house job for a reason .
`` when did you stop beating your wife ? ''
american taliban
is that supposed to be a dvd ?
as opposed to the seventies , when schools were less segregated ?
it ’ s more effective than talking about their policies
the first book of lies , i will use it as an example for lying for my kids .
removed
neither is being a bartender but you did it
removed
he didnt suggest it was necessary at all . hes suggesting sometimes you have to work with bad people to benefit both sides ... reminds me ww2 and how we worked with the soviets . if you have the mindset of `` i refuse to do any deals with this country because theyre horrible , '' we wouldve lost ww2 .
`` how i prostituted myself and my beliefs to trigger the libs ''
impersonating ? do you understand that it says it is parody right on the website ? this is akin to snl mocking trump on tv every week except there they do n't even bother worrying about what is true or not . are you against a website listing someone 's voting record and video clips of them molesting people ? why are you against politicians having their public info on display ? this is nothing at all like emails because no crimes are being committed and no privacy violated . if a politician 's voting record has to be kept secret in order to win they do n't deserve the position . democratic rivals in the primary are mentioning the same exact material live during debates .
hmmm , i guess i thought that military style weapons were the same as machine guns , me bad .
i don ’ t think both sides are equally guilty . republicans invented originalism as part of a decades long strategy to provide cover for ignoring precedent . robbing obama and the american people of a legitimate placement on the supreme court demands a response . there would be no talk of vote packing without that having happened .
removed
still ... what the fuck is he doing in some of those photos ?
i like tucker but saying that was just downright stupid .
if he really said that , pack it up tucker you don ’ t need to be in public anymore .
yay , more shit lies .
removed
republicans will choose the option that inflicts the greatest amount of misery and wrong upon migrants . the republicans would , if they were able , enact laws that prohibit hospitals from treating undocumented immigrants who do n't have the cash to pay for their treatment up front . the gop wasted no time after trump 's inauguration instituting cruelty as a principle of government .
3.6 roentgens
so this is the endgame huh . good luck everyone
& gt ; if esper , who was serving as army secretary is confirmed as secretary of defense , then his deputy at army , ryan mccarthy will have to be confirmed to fill that job as well . do n't forget that one of these guys could easily have been the guy whose only qualification was giving manafort half his small veteran's bank 's assets in fraudulent loans in a blatant quid pro quo for the sec of the army job .
i love it , you all act like every democrat has never once been involved in the deaths of anyone . either you refuse to believe the truth , or even worse , you believe everything your politicians say .
... ..ok , i live in a blue state . either way i do n't want to pay more in taxes
explicitly , for a change ?
so expect to see it soon in the clearance bin at half price books .
good headline , terrible source .
boo . my parents helped me some , but that was not the dominant factor on how i bought a house . i have solid income and used it to pay off debts , bringing my debt to income ratio to the point where i 'm a solid investment for the credit union . it is harder for millenials , and i 'll argue anyone who says otherwise , but saying it is n't possible is just wrong .
& gt ; my life did n't improve under obama . i guess you lived on one of the few recession proof areas in america , do n't have a 401 k or otherwise invest in the stock market , already had health insurance unlike the over 20 million that got coverage , did n't feel personal pride in living in a country that did n't have a laughing stock for a president unlike the prior and after administrations , do n't care that your president 's administration do n't have multiple felony indictments and convictions during their terms again , unlike the before and after , and somehow you are one of the very few people who do n't thrive with cleaner water and fresher air . you are an extremely rare american if you can honestly make that claim .
never realized she could do that .
are you bothered that a latina is smarter than you ? it seems that falling back to the `` affirmative action card '' is always used by those who were n't getting into good schools in the first place . consider trump , a man claiming to be smarter than everyone yet refuses to release his high school grades & gt ; in 2011 , days after donald trump challenged president barack obama to “ show his records ” to prove that he hadn ’ t been a “ terrible student , ” the headmaster at new york military academy got an order from his boss : find trump ’ s academic records and help bury them . and & gt ; last year , he said he “ heard i was first in my class ” at the university of pennsylvania ’ s wharton business program , where he finished his undergraduate degree , but trump ’ s name does not appear on the school ’ s dean ’ s list or on the list of students who received academic honors in his class of 1968 .
denaturalizing criminals has always been a thing .
about the same or less than what you pay for your insurance premiums now . but , if you happen to lose your job you ’ d pay nothing and still have healthcare coverage . win . win .
deleted
of course , this is a foreign policy coup for them . the president of the u.s. is treating with glorious leader because he 's so important . trump just loves handing our enemies wins , slowly chipping away at our influence .
my student loan is the second highest behind my mortgage and the interest rate is insane .
& gt ; bartender with a degree in economics . and no one seems to ask ... why was she not working in economics , then ?
deleted
& gt ; but to me that was the craziest part of the article . that ’ s a fucking achievement .
lack of education does n't hurt , either . although there 's a very large overlap of the two .
this seems like an attack aimed at black demographics , but i ca n't help but feel they 'd see right through it . republicans trying to influence black demographics seems like a joke . if anybody is going to see through their bs that 's the top demographic .
i stand corrected . a payroll tax is a horrible way to hide a regressive tax and negatively impact middle class workers .
the former record for a short defense sec speed run was set by chuck hagel , who was nominated by obama and resigned 21 months later due to arguments between him and the whitehouse on iraq and afghanistan policy . republicans mocked obama mercilessly including trump for meddling , weakness , and a lack of understanding of how the military works . trump made it to 23 months with mattis , and will now go through 3 acting secretaries in under 3 months .
removed
the talk show host ? was she handed a job in our government ?
you mean because they are in danger of having an impact on the middle class white population finally ? minorities in america have always suffered from lack of jobs and healthcare . and anytime a minority population was doing very good , they were put down by the white upper middle class .
she advocates for something that is very movement oriented and democratic , things that i think bernie people can understand . she endorsed bernie in 2016 for what it 's worth , and has a disdain for corporatism . she seems to understand and appreciate a kind of marxism , she identifies as a humanist though , despite her penchant for abstract ? rhetoric about the soul or whatever . yeah she 's kind of kooky but i think she 's in all fairness a better candidate than the bottom ten .
this guys is wildin
no experience no responsibility
never mind . i thought i liked you . you ’ re an asshole . shame .
let 's goo
removed
no billionaire
removed
trump 's normalized a dictatorship that regularly executes dissidents or ships them to work camps , while allowing them to achieve long range nuclear capability . so , they are right in a way , in that obama would have never done that . but it 's not a laughing matter .
it also worries me when people talk about politicians in this manner .
pointing out that theres rape in every country in a discussion about rape would indicate that i 'm pro rape ? wow ...
is it something that can be settled with a dance off ?
removed
deleted
you didnt ask a question . you posted a vague `` why ? ''
mifsud ? pretty sure he 's dead .
how to make a joke about smokey eye into a sob story
tucker carlson is literally the only news host besides independents on youtube who has been advocating for a war against iran , hope you all know that .
he is excusing the kashogi killing
you gave no examples to me , so you 're just confused and all over the place . but i 'll still take the time to explain to you there 's a difference between civilian casualties from drone strikes during war and systemic execution of dissidents . i also do n't think obama is an example of perfect leadership , so i 'm well within my right to call carlson out for his abhorrent comments without a shred a hypocrisy .
removed
& gt ; good . if a poor and/or brown guy threatened the state police , he 'd get shot in his car . ftfy
yep . republicans are genuises at strategy shortterm and longterm . 2010 was somewhat unexpected for them because there was a rise on their right , but nevertheless they know how to play the game in the long run ; control state governments republicans still have most governorships , gerrymander shit , pack the courts etc . democrats have n't had a good strategy since harry reid 's 50 state strategy . dems have terrible campaign infrastructure . if there was one place where obama really dropped the ball , it was getting democrats elected nationwide and statewide .
`` shining daddy 's shoes my time on my knees for donald trump ''
the calendar , his boof recording
tucker knows the power of juche ! god bless this piece of shit .
so trump 's qualified obviously
your bias is showing . & gt ; what progress ? i do n't know , probably the first sitting us president to step foot into north korea ? i 'm pretty sure any information regarding the meeting will be released to the public . in which the left and it 's supporters are sure to find someway to vilify the president .
there are articles . but it 's not huge at all , it 's just a photo op and propaganda for both sides .
that does n't make any sense . fascism is antiliberal and the right side of the political spectrum includes liberals . it also includes monarchists and monarchism has a weird , mostly strained relationship with fascism . the social democracy of bernie is n't anarchist . likewise , the liberal civic nationalism of trump is not fascist .
you want to take our rights , so the burden of proof is on you , not us .
not to mention paying for him to golf , paying for him to mobilize 50,000 troops for a campaign stunt , paying for him to go to north korea to shower kim jong un with praise , and paying for his daughter to travel around the world selling handbags and pretending like she matters .
more likely than vp , imho .
the fact that this lumbering demented fuck thinks he ’ ll still be outside a nursing home wing of a prison in 2024 is hysterical .
it would make you understand better but sure remain close minded . nothing wrong about remaining ignorant .
and so should you , right ? a whole ton of people thought he did just fine .
thank you for supporting our president
trump is n't a moron , and thinking that is why democrats consistently underestimate him . his whole persona is essentially that of a wrestling heel . and i fully expect him to have a 'heel turn ' as the election approaches .
just google , it 's not hard to find , the special counsel identified a long time ago that russia supported sanders as well as trump in it 's social media campaign . here 's the first source that comes up on google but there 's plenty more out there ie it 's also mentioned in the mueller report :
well said .
i like your username
removed
coming soon to the bookshelves of a dollar tree near you
yeah that degree does n't seem to be working for her .
i 'm sorry , i 'm getting my tories mixed up . while in the 17th century they were not particularly anticatholic , in the 18th century they were demagogues behind the gordon riots and staunch advocates of antipopery laws . but yeah , the anticatholicism was a few decades away from their english civil war origins .
it 's a gun you can hold in your hands and fire continuously as long as you have the trigger pulled . john thompson , inventor of the thompson submachine gun , came up with the name . the thompson is what you see in movies being used by 1930s gangsters . other fairly wellknown machine guns are the uzi and the mac10 . submachine guns often fire pistol cartridges , and as such can be controlled while firing without any support . fullsized machine guns generally use higherpower rifle cartridges and are usually fired from a tripod or bipod they 're damned heavy , too . only somebody like rambo can fire it from his hip and hit anything . here 's a short video of guys using both submachine guns and regular machine guns . general ripper do n't need no fucking tripod !
some please tell that dumb bimbo to stick with her cheap clothing line manufactured in asian sweat shops
republicans will literally cut off their nose to spite their face .
no , it implies that `` saudi arabia '' or whatever other country has n't done anything as terrible as what north korea has . `` there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world ” . he clearly states that north korea is at the very bottom and any other country is better than nk . to correct your original statement `` yeah saudi arabia is bad , but they don ’ t seem all that bad when you compare their human rights atrocities to north korea's. ” but i guess thats justs my two cents and that is how i interpreted it .
when it crossed your alleged mind .
removed
deleted
what does meth have to do with north korea ?
the intellectual dishonesty is baffling
just as jesus would have done right ? walk past someone in need because fuck em , they dont need healing because they are not covered .
yeah , terrible place to raise money !
so does iq make singaporeans better strategists than americans , it 's apparently obvious when it 's americans versus afghanis . you have a higher iq than the average afghani , has this better prepared you for fending off the american military ? i went to college , i 'm not sure how that prepares me for that task . are asians and jews better strategists ? my point is asking what you think iq means and how that applies to war . & gt ; iq is no different than height , skin color , etc. , in that we have little control over it . are you sure ? if an average afghani family moved to the us and had a child here , is their child only to be expected to do as well someone in afghanistan ? or is the situation what determines the outcome ? & gt ; it 's an argument no honest person would take . what is it you 're even comparing ? because a war in the us against its own people is a hypothetical and the details matter quite a bit . comparing it to war in afghanistan is open to any manner of interpretation .
he is trying to say that it is perfectly acceptable to commit atrocities to keep power . sure that makes sense , just like it makes sense for a future king to kill all of his brothers to keep the kingdom from being divided . that does n't make it good or acceptable .
trump and ivanka are shallow people with tons of work done . we can and should mock this . ivanka was totally normal looking before she got work done to look like some creepy blank faced doll .
of course . you should read mein kampf . he made himself pretty clear on that point .
ha ha , downvoted for what is do shockingly obvious it shouldn ’ t even have to be discussed .
this is a great accomplishment . it 's unfortunate this is n't a big deal in this subreddit since it does n't spread liberal propaganda nor does it criticize trump .
& gt ; trump is at least trying to accomplish something and i think that ’ s a good thing . trump went to the dmz as a publicity stunt . he ’ s kissing the ass of a bloodthirsty despot as a pretense for setting up a meeting where , best case scenario two negotiating teams will shake hands and agree to later have another meeting where they adopt conditions for a summit of negotiations that never actually happens . none of that is worth trump pretending that kju is a wonderful terrific misunderstood guy who is worthy of anything other than fullthroated condemnation . and more importantly , i don ’ t need to have written the playbook on how to conclusively resolve the mess on the korean peninsula in order to point that out .
tucker is fake news .
michael scott
so go to trade school or college to learn a skill that people will pay you to do . what do you mean how would this help you ?
& gt ; let 's goo ew , do n't goo everywhere .
since that is the precise opposite of what i said i am therefor not a disgrace . i am saying trump would like his concentration camps to be worse than hitler 's because he considers hitler as an idol to be emulated . i do think that what he is doing with the separated children may be worse than the early stages of the concentration camps but , of course , is in no way comparable to the death camps .
if there are no contradictions or lies in the introductory paragraph you better believe it 's plagiarized from someone who can write .
there is no employee contract guaranteeing the type of health insurance you will receive , only whether or not you get a benefit . the only exception is if you belong to a union , who can appeal the change .
deleted
they were really handed a gift in terms of republicans being so stupid .
removed
he ’ s taking a backhanded shot at israel . anybody who ’ s aware of geopolitics and his positions on that issue will recognize this . and it ’ s perfectly fine because he ’ s not wrong , israel is completely fucked from a human rights perspective and we treat them like royalty .
removed
666p66 6a666p 06a 6a06
so what if other countries kill people ? does n't make it right to defend north korea and present a false equivalency . nk is a truly evil regime , it 's not comparable to almost any other country .
we are waiting for either impeachment or the vote , which is rapidly approaching . because of democracy , we do n't destroy our country and start killing each other when we 're not happy with a leader .
& gt ; what ’ s the fundamental difference ? possibly the fact that north koreans have no human rights and live in the dark ages still
no the problem here is you are completely not understanding what tucker is saying and then misrepresenting it through a false equivalence . you do n't even know the difference between saying `` it should n't happen '' and `` it happens '' one defends the idea , and the other disavows it . you would be prorape if you were to say something more on the lines of : `` rape happens . '' it would be much easier for tucker to have said `` what north korea does is an atrocity '' and nothing about `` well it happens everywhere . '' one disavows , one defends . even if there 's no intention , he 's defending their actions .
biden has ran for potus twice before and did n't get the nomination . just because he is taking some criticism hardly means the party is changing . saying that sort of implies biden would be receiving better treatment if not for said changes yet biden is currently polling better than he did in his previous bids . such exaggerations are meant to promote the idea that democrats are becoming extremists on social issues . it is n't true .
not good enough . there is nothing that happens in the us that wo n't reverberate to canada . you need to be protesting relations with trump yesterday .
oh yes , stating facts and using the definitions of words is being misled . whilst trump is the beacon of truth , right ?
deleted
take it and like it the secret of my success
removed
but why should they be punished for ignoring court orders when they would be punished if they followed them ?
& gt ; yeah , start shooting at police property and you might be surprised to discover life is n't really a video game . says the guy thinking police drones are going to somehow make gun ownership irrelevant . it amazes me how gleeful you seem to be looking forward to the despotic scenario where cops have drones flying all over the city to watch everyone all the time . & gt ; seriously , it 's dumb shit like that , that you think is totally a normal thing a normal person fantasizes about , who said i thought this was a normal thing that normal people fantasize about ? you 're making a shitload of assumptions here . large segments of the shooting community shoot at clays , skeet , animals and moving targets of all kinds . that quite easily translates into being able to hit these mythical drones you think will somehow negate gun ownership which you 've still yet to explain . & gt ; that is why we are concerned about your mental capability for safely possessing a firearm . pointing out that in response to what could be considered authoritarianism people have the technical ability to do something equates in your mind to some sort of mental instability ?
its not fascism , its freedom of speech ! ? ! ? !
propaganda goes both ways . even when you do n't think it does .
that makes it even more misleading , because it implies that `` leading a country means killing people . '' which is actually a paraphrase anyway and not a direct quote based on the quotes in the article is his defense of north korea , that he 's defending north korea 's murders with that line , when he 's absolutely not . i 'm sorry , but if you defend that headline , you have no intellectual honesty . if somebody explicitly says `` i 'm not defending x . '' and insults x multiple times , you ca n't run with `` somebody defends x '' as your headline . sure , you can make it clear that they are saying some things that do seem to be defending x while claiming they 're not , but you have to make that ambiguity clear .
what does racism look like ?
let me know when someone goes into an elementary school with some tito 's and makes the kids take shots until they die
state media ? they 're presidential advisors and campaign managers and they 're awful at both .
the president of the united states just failed to standup for western liberalism in international diplomacy . we may be the last generation to experience liberty .
removed
our current president is a birther , so our expectations from the right are pretty much at rock bottom .
the difference is that in your scenario , a rich person or a nazi could choose to share their wealth or change their ideology . with fascism , minorities are under attack simply for existing .
trump and his followers , like carlson , must be trying to incite violence by their opponents . they will then use it to justify arresting them . a trump supporter with a large national following that tunes in daily has now justified murder . it 's urgent that everyone who opposes trump to organize , discuss what may be next , and plan how to stop it .
removed
seems contradictory otherwise . i mean if you have the right to highly expensive medical treatment how could you not also have a right to food and housing which cost less ? food is more of a necessity than medical treatment . in fact being fed is often something that occurs at a hospital and you have a right to those meals , right ? we see the right to food and housing through housing assistance and food stamps . it gets complicated because are you entitled to have a bunch of workers build you a mansion ? are you entitled to have a bunch of farmers and chefs cook you a five star meal ? its something less than that obviously in terms of how much you can you say you have a right to have other people working for you .
removed
& gt ; ” but mr. trump , ” i implored , “ how can you stand how the fake media lies and distorts all your accomplishments ? you do so much selfless good and all they do is lie and say horrible things about you ! ” he paused , looked thoughtfully into the sunset and scratched his head which is full of natural , magnificent hair . he sighed longingly , and as he did , his six pack of rock hard abs expanded and contracted wistfully . as he turned back to the orphaned baby birds he was feeding with an eye dropper , he said , “ i don ’ t do it for them . i do it for the american people , and i don ’ t need any recognition . i only need the satisfaction of knowing i ’ ve helped ordinary , everyday americans . by the way , can you order me some new pants ? these ones don ’ t accommodate my giant , 12inch constantly rock hard penis , which i use to pleasure melania for 45 minutes at a time . three times a day . ”
deleted
she has a degree in economics and a freaking asteroid named after her . anyone calling her stupid is projecting . 🤷‍♀️
i found the gender studies major 😂 obviously people go to school for different things , that ’ s why i named more than one . you must have lost your train of thought in the first half and stopped reading . i literally said that the only college we should be subsidizing are degrees that will benefit society . doctors , lawyers , architects , engineers , etc .
deleted
deleted
is this shit rigged ? i watched those debates the other night and it ’ s almost like the left has made a back room deal or something to lose 2020 . wtf is happening here ?
i think the moment we start licking his butthole , the terrorists win lmao
we should pay for it with a vat so “ illegal immigrants ” are also paying . we get $ 1.6 trillion per year from tourists that can also be taxed with a vat a vat is a much better way to pay for healthcare than the regressive payroll tax in the m4a proposal . rich people can avoid a payroll tax too .
you should check out the podcast `` trump inc. '' , they have an episode account this . great podcast .
where ? if i can ’ t deduct state tax then what i got is a tax raise
& gt ; the committee sent a separate letter demanding similar documents from the head of the u.s. office of personnel management opm , which is transferring its background check responsibilities to the pentagon under the trump administration ’ s plan . the committee also requested a briefing on the status of the project , which president donald trump outlined in an april 24 executive order . & gt ; & gt ; “ troubling reports have emerged that the transfer may not be on track , ” the committee ’ s letter said , saying there is “ concern ” that it may not occur by the sept. 30 deadline given in trump ’ s order . & amp ; # x200b ; trump is never going to comply with any probes willingly .
she 's a huckabee . triggering the libs is her belief .
removed
examples of what ? why would i give you examples ? wtf are you talking about ? and why would you explain the difference between the killings to me ? how is the difference relevant ... ?
he ’ s not hating on mediocre . he ’ s hating on entitled .

did n't he do this like a year ago ? nothing changed then .
so then there 's no need for trump to change anything right ?
& gt ; wake up . says the sleeping 45 sycophant
great . so why get the masters . it is therefore pointless . and even more pointless to go on reddit and complain you did a pointless thing . i have a bs in chemistry . getting an ms would only be worth it for me if i wanted to change what i do move to research . i work in instrumentation so it is therefore a bad idea it would take a real idiot to do the ms anyways and then go complain about all the student loans i have .
possibly . but we recently lost wisconsin and florida in state wide elections
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i would n't say he was accepting that at all . reading his full quote it seems like he was challenging those who say dialog with north korea should be avoided because they kill people , when in reality many us allies also kill people . and he 's absolutely right . despite all of north korea 's atrocities , they are still an order of magnitude less worse than regimes like saudi arabia , yet we sell arms to the saudis and criticize dialog with the north koreans . none of it makes sense .
echoes trump saying we do bad things too . closed loop enabling and supporting trump .
uh , yeah , obama was utter shit for drone strikes . those were atrocities and a stain on america 's long and bloody history of wars and genocide . we should n't be using drones or anything else really , to bomb other countries , particularly when we are n't at war with them . that does n't make nk 's behavior acceptable in the slightest , nor is it something we should be normalizing . the way forward is n't to say ok , we kinda suck too , so this is n't a big deal , it is to change how we behave and also hold them to that same standard .
the greater good
because the question is racist . and that needs to be called out .
i dont get how the berners think its logical to whine about media coverage when things like this make headlines .
& gt ; if 22 years has not been sufficient time for defendants to refine that plan in a manner consistent with their 'concern for the particular vulnerability of minors ' and their obligation to maintain facilities that are consistently 'safe and sanitary , ' it is imperative that they develop such a comprehensive plan forthwith , '' gee wrote , using italics for emphasis .
“ who gave the brown woman bootstraps ? ! ” gop
we have healthcare in canada for the illegals crossing our southern border and i 'm not hearing any conservatives screeching about that .
the conspiratorial part of me , the moment that exchange between him and harris began was `` i wonder if they planned this . '' then after i got to thinking , what if bidens plan is to transfer his name recognition to harris and make her the front runner . she 's the next best thing to corporate interests . course i know that 's a long shot and i know better . reality is biden sucks and harris is gon na eat him alive .
i just hope they knock biden out cause he is not the guy we need .
no , if the investigation into trump ’ s crimes isn ’ t covered up it will expose decades of treasonous activity by the republicans they ’ ll do anything to squelch this .
... bernie got 18 of the pledged delegates in west virginia . why ca n't you just admit that you are n't altogether sure what you 've heard or what you are talking about ?
i guess better for them to have sick people in our public places , handling the food ... good move ...
deleted
this guy is a fringe candidate and will probably drop out soon . do n't give him any attention .
democrats could adopt the texas republican party platform , and republicans would still call them a bunch of islamosocialist baby killing lunatics unfit to staff a prison commissary .
& gt ; i mean , basically your argument is that recognizing the concept of monopoly on violence is an endorsement of murder . well you clearly ca n't read . `` on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . '' with the context being , talking about regimes , aka the way countries treat their people , he clearly did say that leading a country meaning killing people from the country you are leading . that is justifying a leader killing the citizens of the country he leads . but sure , just keep vaguely saying `` monopoly on violence '' without actually making a single coherent argument about it . that 's gon na work out great ! also in cause you did n't know , monopoly on violence is n't solely about killing people . just so you know .
this ca n't be real wtf ? ?
this is kind of like asking which is more important to the survival of a plant : the roots or the leaves . the two major parties , and the current and previous administrations , serve different functions in an inverted totalitarian state that together form the basis of an ideological and policy program . have the conditions of the trump administration been worse in absolute terms than the conditions of the obama administration ? sure , they 're mostly a continuation and intensification of obama era policy . in relative terms ? that 's difficult to say . the trump administration has yet to facilitate a coup in central america obama era policy transformed honduras into the global homicide capital , and then went on to reject honduran asylum seekers and rapidly expand the bush era concentration camp programs to house undocumented immigrants to compensate for the unrest the coup created . the obama administration initiated us involvement and sanctions in the saudi led genocide in yemen which is projected by the un to kill more people than the holocaust when all is said and done . of course , on the other hand , now democrats are trying to walk us out of involvement in yemen , and republicans are blocking their attempts . though it is curious that this was never an issue for democrats as a whole until republicans held power . and of course , obama is the president that signed explicit , unrestrained indefinite detention into law . i do n't hold any illusions that a romney or a , god forbid , mccain presidency would have been any better . in fact , were i given a time machine , the power to alter history , and the ability to put money on it , i would put money on a romney or especially a mccain presidency having worse outcomes in terms of lives lost , liberties lost , and conditions for working americans , with a heaping helping of tax cuts on top . likewise , had trump presided from 2008 to 2016 his administration likely would have facilitated the coup in honduras , assisted saudi arabia in genocide , signed the 2011 ndaa into law , and did plenty of other detestable things . however , despite being slightly better in terms of policy , the democratic party and its administrations are arguably worse in terms of their ideological function , in that they can do these things without being loudly questioned , and the party sets the limit , not just for what is acceptable , but for what is even politically imaginable . were the us a one party state with trump at the helm , we 'd likely have uncontrollable civil unrest and uprisings within a week . granted , whether they 're in power or not , the democratic party still functions in this way as long as they appear as a viable alternative to the republican party . so by all means , vote democrat . i generally do , with some strategic 3rd party voting where it makes sense to do so . but do so without illusions and with criticism . that being said , if your flair is accurate , you might as well vote for a third party in the general illinois is a foregone conclusion . while voting third party might feel silly right now , 10 years before taking power in greece , syriza had 4 % of the vote . a lot is going to change over the next 3 decades . u.n. is projecting between 200 million and 1 billion climate refugees by 2050 . we need to start laying the groundwork for a more radical platform today because no neoliberal platform is going to cut it in terms of addressing working peoples ' frustrations going forward , and if nothing viable exists in 20 years that does answer to those frustrations , they will be funneled in fascism . living in missouri i 'll be voting for whatever democrat wins the nomination . begrudgingly , if its a biden or harris or the like .
lmfao great one , you mad man !
removed
shaking pompoms ? is your memory terrible or are you just lying ?
removed
removed
i think that you will find 2 + 2 equals 5 .
i will never accept or respect a peace treaty that trump makes involving nk , not that he 'll ever succeed anyway . i think we all would have been safer with kim going forward with his nuclear missile testing than in getting mixed up with him and actually inviting him into the white house .
i ’ m thinking this is more along the lines of foreshadowing strikes on iran .
deleted
deleted
it 's not ok for us to be murderers . it never has been . pointing out that our leadership has been murdering since its inception is not dissenting . it 's been an established fact . we , the citizens , are not murderous . we do n't want this . we never have . at some point we have to make it stop . making it stop is dissenting . disagreeing with something that 's common , wellknown , and looked upon as the proper or normal behavior is dissenting . that is absolutely not what tucker fucking carlson is doing . he 's a fucking moron who has admitted that lying to fucking idiots is how he makes his money . he 's a fraud and and what he 's saying and doing is excusing crimes against humanity . that 's never been good and it never will be .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
removed
yep . the whole point of fox news during this cycle is to tire you out and make you “ give up ” .
he 'll prob win , and no it does n't mean we 're done . there will be some political convention riots like in the past and some inner city problems like under obama 's , but no it 's not the end of the world . keep in mind there is a good chance of economic crash in next few years , but no that 's not trump 's fault , it 's just the cycle .
agreed . my first thought was just do n't engage with him at all . there is no point . he obviously is spreading lies / misinformation . there is n't much point in arguing over well established facts that he denies .
even if you think selfishly , why would you want sick people untreated and running around in the general population..
cheapening the stature of world leaders . how did we come to this ...
everyone i know in the military , right and left , worshipped him . he was a real leader and his protest proved that . the shitshow after his departure highlights it .
do we still have a state department ? i guess we understand now why trump hated our foreign service so much .
i 'd like to nominate mr. carlson to be first on the chopping block .
i bet they come up with an excuse to fight it within the next 24 hours .
the most important comment . thanks for sharing .
we already fund red states , so why not immigrants ? its literally blue states money .
me neither . :
i mean , cognitive reasoning slows down massively in old age . sure there are some sound of mind 100 year olds out there , but they 're 100 year olds who are n't really stressing themselves out . 4 years of being president is enormously taxing . the toll it would have on an 80+ year old 's mind would be enormous , regardless of how healthy they 've been before . hell , reagans 8 years probably accelerated his alzheimers . neither biden nor sanders should really be the nominee .
that ’ s exactly right . those countries are exactly who ’ s he ’ s tipping his hat to in this comment . it ’ s no surprise we ’ re getting shills intentionally misinterpreting this . many of them are probably from those very counties .
so brave
is n't that a muslim thing ?
removed
your submission ` facebook will ban ads that tell people in us not to vote ` was automatically removed because ` channelnewsasia.com ` is not on our approved source whitelist . r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source . domains must : be notable , as defined by our domain notability guidelines . notable domains will consist of news organizations , research organizations , political advocacy groups , governmental agencies / bodies , and political parties . contain articles , videos or soundclips relevant to current us politics contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source . be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey . if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist , please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us . however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form , we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account . if you submit a spam domain via the form , your account may be reported to the site administrators . to submit a domain for approval use this form and follow the instructions provided i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
he 's not just talking about killing people in general , he is talking specifically about killing his own citizens to keep his own power . if there is a government in the us that decides it is entirely acceptable to take kills civilians as the standard course of behavior to keep power that is a government that needs to be liquidated .
did i defend their actions at all ? no . i actually spent all of my time just pointing out the many hypocrisies present with the left now . i ’ m pointing out how people are going ape shit , over stuff that doesn ’ t matter . no one died . democrat senators have bailed on votes for the same reasons before ... without the police being called to round them up .
do you really want sick people in our streets ?
you know , i 'd rather not have people walking around with untreated infectious diseases because they do n't have insurance . i say this as if it 's not already the case for some people born here , but anyway . treat the sick and it benefits the healthy .
a slip of the tongue : one womans plunge to the bottom of trumps swamp . nsfw
`` that is in part the fault of the corruption of the gop and its near exclusive service to the one percent and corporate interests . '' well when you start by giving these asshats half of what they want before you even start negotiating on a plan , yeah it 's no wonder they kept taking more . there 's a reason that so many of us call democrats spinless because in their pursuit of pragmatism , they lost sight of the fact that simply giving into assholes is n't compromise it 's capitulation .
ok so we agree it was a dick move and racist as fuck . guess that 's why he deleted it !
they use methamphetamine to curb their hunger and boost productivity
`` assault weapon '' here means anything semi auto . so pretty much every modern firearm . either sell them back to a government that never owned it at a major loss , or we 'll come and take them and throw you in jail .
it ’ s shot like this that make m4a a requirement .
so the left has gone bonkers because a bad situation might get diffused . now we resort to twisting people 's words . the left is so absurd it is becoming comical . the left is handing to trump the 2020 elections
i 'd wan na change the subject if i were defending tucker 's defense of a murderous dictator , too .
deleted
rape happens . am i pro rape now according to you ?
removed
deleted
removed
no , just a trademark on 6 million executions in europe for their religion .
lmao that sounds like something straight out of a movie
& gt ; there is no requirement for asylum seekers to stay in the first country they enter . i am aware of that . implying that such a requirement existed was not my intent . however , it does lead the question of why is mexico not good enough . some people have argued that mexico is not safe enough for asylum seekers , yet oppose a border wall and/or increased security . you do n't get to claim mexico is unsafe in the asylum debate and then turn around and say it 's perfectly safe during the border security debate , as many people do ... but i digress . & gt ; i doubt that if you plainly state `` i support border security '' , anyone would call you racist . it would all depend on how you say it , and what else you say . i think you 'd be surprised . i 've tried to explain my opinion as clearly and rationally as i have to you , yet some people simply reply `` you just say that because you hate brown people '' . there is very little room for open , civil discourse in today 's political climate . & gt ; border security is n't something most democrats are against . it depends on the approach , and must also include some method of improving the legalization process . including asylum seekers . i softly disagree here . i know there are plenty of democrats , especially politicians , who would advocate for border security , as bill clinton and obama did . that said , i do n't think democrats prioritize it or really even care as much as i would like . for example , as i said , i would like to see border security greatly improved . while it does n't have to necessarily be a wall , and i do n't think a wall alone is good enough , i do n't see it as a poor starting point . democrats have rejected the wall for 4 years now , but i have n't seen any other reasonable solution being proposed as an alternative . instead , in the recent debate , every candidate on stage raised their hand in support of healthcare for illegal immigrants . now , i 'm not saying i want them to be living here without access to health care , but i do n't think it 's the government 's responsibility to provide health care for , well , hardly anyone , but especially people who are not living here legally . but again , i digress . i would say we need to ensure our border is secure first , then we can discuss what to do with all of the illegals currently living here , then work to improve our legal immigration system . it 's a multifaceted problem that i think requires both compromise and a stepwise approach .
wow ! first time poster , you sure are nasty people , unhappy and jealous personas.. last time poster ... but thanks anyway.. :
she went to wharton . for 2 years . it 's a trump thing .
deleted
lol ... you seriously think if trump were making things worse for south korea , moon would say he deserves a nobel peace prize because we 're an ally ? i want some of whatever you 're smoking . i get that it 's cool to hate on everything trump does , but try to think critically next time .
yes imagine if some antinazi germans were milkshaking nazis in the 1930 's . that would be awful . im glad the poor nazis never had to go through that . too bad the nazis of today get so much shit though . they can never get a break , can they ? for such a nice group of people , they sure get a lot of undeserved hate am i right ?
working american families regardless of race have been getting affected by automation for quite some time now . can you not try to turn every issue into a race issue
uh , they were fascists . they stole the 2000 election in the fucking open . they literally lied to the country to invade iraq and killed millions while companies like halliburton and the carlyle group made bank . they let wall st loot the us treasury after blowing up the economy . hell , dick cheney shot a man in the face , and that man apologized to cheney for getting in the way of his bullet it really does n't get anymore fascist than that . & amp ; # x200b ; those ignorant of history are surely doomed to repeat it .
removed
clever comeback bro . smacked it out the park , well done
i know . he does n't .
and for the love of god don ’ t nominate biden . “ nothing will change ” is a campaign message that will depress voter turnouts like crazy . if people were happy with the status quo , trump wouldn ’ t have gotten anywhere near the presidency in the first place .
& gt ; provide care for your child prisoners . ftfy
harris / castro or harris / buttigieg ?
removed
does n't it cost money to hire a public defender in florida and if you can not afford it you lose your ability to vote until you pay the state back . there 's a $ 50 application fee for a public defender and if you get out of prison you have to pay a large number of fees you incurred while in prison or under house arrest , like medical bills and ankle monitors . this surely violates multiple ammendments on the constitution .
& gt ; i 've always wondered , how ? what kind of person could support hitler ? now i see , i 'm surrounded by them . they are so weak , their minds are so weak , so primitive , so atavistic , so close to the monkeys they do n't think they evolved from because magic man in the sky says they are special . no , not really . they know exactly what they 're doing . they just know they will gain money and power from it .
they ’ re not close to fascist . obama had people in camps too . also they ’ re not citizens which is crucial to this matter and complicates matters . the constitution that protects america is not the same as the weimar constitution . go read up on some actual history , because even modern day communists admit donald trump is not a fascist .
honestly you just don ’ t seem like a cool person to hash ideas with .
removed
never mind that it is n't currently working though if people still are n't alarmed by her putting her name on the gnd and not understanding the amazon deal , i have no idea what to think about it . nobody seems to ask why , if she 's so bright and wonderful and all of those things , she was n't working in a field relating directly to economics , and seems proud of the fact that she was a bartender just before she was elected . there 's nothing inherently wrong with being a bartender , but i really wish people would stop calling that a qualification for her if she could n't be bothered to have actually worked in economics in the first place .
deleted
removed
it is actually . because even in your links it says : & gt ; most notorious citizenship identification errors it seems that even you agree that these are errors and outliers , not actual consistent policies .
two tyrants
you can ’ t make a graveyard without killing a few people . am i doing it right ?
you sound like you 've been thoroughly indoctrinated at such a young age to declare yourself a `` conservative '' without mentioning what you think that means , and that you immediately shut down the moment you hear what you think is a `` liberal talking point . '' good for you on deciding to be more open minded . and considering rejecting those liberal talking points after you 've heard them , after you 've chewed on them for a bit .
honey , i just got $ 120,000 for that one hour of shit , tomorrow i get $ 120,000 for another one hour of shit , day after , , , , you fucking get it . this shit that shame does anything is just a bunch of shit
same here . went from being amazing and hilarious to fucking stupid but still kind of hilarious .
plus sarcasm in written form is just generally difficult to detect . we rely on visual cues and body language to determine whether someone is being sarcastic most of the time .
screen name checks out . & amp ; # x200b ; confused was way to polite of a word though .
ted cruz has to replace his blood every year to retain his human form , so technically he counts .
nah , i meant quash biden when it came to drawing support from conservatives not moderates and liberals , though i definitely feel a lot of liberals would dislike him too . i think you 'd agree with that . besides , considering that biden is a wellknown figure like hillary in mainstream politics , it would n't be too difficult for the republicans to find some way around him . his creepy hairsniffing is also a pretty awful thing to have in a candidate for a party that 's supposed to be in favor of women 's rights . i do n't know if he 's actually a pervert , but his actions either way look inappropriate . that democrats are actually willing to look past that at all is shameful and makes their past criticism of trump 's own creepiness hypocritical . that democrats are willing to recreate some form of `` status quo '' as opposed to usher in needed change and reform for college students struggling to pay their debts while staying afloat and finding good jobs , workers who are being underpaid both in relation to what they need and what they deserve , and people in general who are struggling to afford healthcare , is cowardly and shameful .
this is what it 's all about , finding common ground
he stages a new media spectacle , such as crossing the dmz , and throws the media narrative off once again . & gt ; “ he understands the value of showmanship , ” gingrich said during a fox news interview . “ and candidly , the news media is going to chase the rabbit . so it ’ s better off for him to give them a rabbit than for them to go find their own rabbit . ''
removed
& gt ; possible titles i lied , watcha going to do bout it ...
`` covfefe accomplishments ''
that suggests a variation . lying for posterity
“ i ’ m not a relativist but it ’ s okay to murder people if you ’ re running a country. ” well golly gee there sport it sure sounds like you ’ re saying the ends justify the means and that sounds like moral relativism to me .
i do n't support sanders or biden , but i ca n't handle the hypocrisy of these conservative `` news '' sites being offended when they support someone who was actually successfully sued by the doj for racial discrimination .
guilty until proven innocent ! that ’ s called due process of la ... wait , that ’ s not how it works .
just discovered this podcast last week via planet money podcast . both are excellent !
got the reference but i jumped the gun on this comment . i 've been seeing people use her as a cheap laugh without being charitable , which seems warranted given her message of basic human compassion .
& gt ; trump was right all along . trump breaks something that works , replaces it with the same thing and adds his name on it . he is an arsonist that puts out his own fires and basks in the credit . is that why you love him ? or are you just attracted to the smell of shit ?
ok . so maybe “ red flag laws ” with provisions to protect from abuse by an ex with a grudge etc . in return for repealing the nfa .
had you considered that among your political opponents ... might be serving members of the armed forces , or veterans ?
this is why it 's so important to abolish the death penalty , and to understand why you need to . otherwise you are ultimately running defense team for china and north korea . it 's like when ireland got rid of the blasphemy clause in thier constitution because i think pakistan cited it as a reason why it 's not bad to have such a clause in law .
no reason why we should n't be punished by other countries for this bullshit . we 'd do it to anyone else for less .
that 's government protocol if something has classified material on it . & gt ; a general . classified information identified for destruction shall be destroyed completely to preclude recognition or reconstruction of the classified information in accordance with procedures and methods prescribed by agency heads . the methods and equipment used to routinely destroy classified information include burning , crosscut shredding , wetpulping , melting , mutilation , chemical decomposition or pulverizing .
it 's not getting any better under trump either . he has n't accomplished anything that puts the us or the world in a better position for dealing with nk . we have little reason to believe nk has taken any steps to stop weapons development , and trump has just been legitimizing them . if anything , nk is getting what they want and we 're getting nothing in return . it 's not like they actually had plans to attack the us or allies with nuclear weapons . it would essentially be suicide . even nk allies would turn on them if they made a first strike like that .
won ’ t there be more debates with the serious candidates ? crystal lady was hilarious but i ’ d like to see a real debate with the ~5 candidates that actually stand a chance .
but that 's also my point , that you do n't actually know that there 's `` no chance '' until you actually try ¯\\\_ ツ _/¯
a nickel is a nickel dude
yes , he is massively fucking wrong . not in the words being said , but in the intention . he is trying to sum up kim murdering and mistreating his own people , forcing them to live in miserable conditions and using what are basically forms of torture on them , as `` just business '' when it comes to leadership . does n't seem like you 're anti carlson .
does `` formal complaint '' mean `` wet noodle '' ?
the jackets do n't hold or transport the wires though ; they protect and insulate them .

you ’ re assuming that they even thought that far . all it is is a kneejerk reaction to hearing the words “ illegal immigrants ” and “ free ” in the same breath .
how i wish this was all confined within the country that caused it . but no , the rest of the world needs to endure this madness because the us is itself too big to fail . fuck . just fuck .
there are people alive today that think ~~space~~ slave owners did nothing wrong . ha ha ... autocorrect is funny .
well , if assult weapon is that broad of a term for guns , then yeah , it does not sound so good .
complicit nepotism felony fraud barbie .
when your starting position is that no one in america `` deserves '' healthcare , providing it to immigrants seems a bridge too far . if you accept that healthcare is a human right , due all people , no matter their country of origin , it begins to look much more reasonable .
look at this warmonger trying to make peace
confusion brings out his fake `` trying to look tough '' underbite .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
feel free to enlighten me oh great minded one .
misleading title ... read the full quotes
& gt ; young people will show up if you earn their vote . so either no candidate in us history has ever really `` earned '' their vote , as they always have a much lower voter turnout than the rest of the population , or young voters truly do not turn out in the numbers that middle aged and older voters do , thus resulting in politicians talking to older voters needs and wants more than younger voters . now a couple things to this point . the first is that the current `` younger '' voter demographic really does have some serious numbers . if they do turn up en masse they can change things forever . i encourage this . and i think this is reflected in the current bench . `` older '' candidates reflecting `` younger '' views , ie sanders , warren , etc ... yeah , i do n't think anyone really believes that as long as turtle has control of the senate he will compromise . but right now that does n't matter to myself and a lot of other voters . what matters is who can beat trump . i keep describing it as putting out the fire before trying to remodel the house . i truly believe that another four years of trump and republicans in their current manifestation is not only harmful to our entire way of life , but a danger to the world . i have no idea who will be the nominee , but i would say that biden is n't campaigning very well . just remember reddit and your peer group are n't necessarily reflective of the dem base who actually shows up to vote in primaries . so make sure you go vote in your primary .
i ’ m not really so interested in debating trump ’ s intelligence or motives , but i will say that “ stopping military exercises for nothing in exchange ” is not a bad move negotiation wise . it ’ s a showing of good faith by trump and can help foster more fruitful negotiations in the future . not to mention that “ stopping military exercises ” costs the us essentially nothing , and can be started up again with relative ease . it ’ s a symbolic concession of good faith i will say , though , that what will be important in judging whether this was a good move or not is how these negotiations proceed from there . based on the fact that trump made history today by being the first us president in nk , i think we can say that they are proceeding favorably . again though , we ’ ll have to see what happens in the next few years here assuming he wins again to be able to properly judge that maneuver , despite signs pointing positively .
interesting theory , watson .
harris has a concise grasp on the role of govt i think other candidates lack . warren , yang , buttigieg , etc all have great ideas and like them . none seem able to attach their ideas directly to the responsibility of govt though . at times their ideas feel like wish lists or philosophical exercises . harris expresses why various policy a technical necessity under law .
you 're not supposed to say it out loud . r/foxfiction
you have a very strong argument that he is full of shit and i ca n't argue it ... .lol .
removed
removed
if it ’ s anything like her press briefings , it will be 95 % bs . she stopped her press briefings , so she ’ ll probably stop writing the book before it even comes out
removed
poll : 9in9 who read the crap on breitbart get sick ...
would n't they rather veteran 's services get funding ? i mean , they 're sticking their necks out , i 'd think they would want to be taken care of . when people talk about budget cuts for military , they mean not buying stuff the military does n't want or need , not services to soldiers .
no it does not mean that at all . he is entirely wrong because that is not true .
why not , we have an acting president
good
just out of curiosity ... are you aware of any regime that has never killed anyone ?
removed
& gt ; he wanted to work for the cia but couldn ’ t hack it do you have a source for this ? i could use a good laugh at a bad person .
here is a question , do we really need the death penalty ? do you think america could not be run if we stopped killing people in the justice system ?
i should be relieved but my stomach just turned . this wo n't be pretty .
we know he 's got republican friends . they probably said `` go on joe ! run ! `` , while laughing quietly when he was out of earshot .
so when you get a loan from the bank to buy a house , whose money are you using ?
trump cheated on his mistress with stormy daniels .
she also biffed body cams . the critical one though is not steve mnuchins lack of prosecution .
one of the sources actually directly contradicts what the other commenter said :
one of the worst things you can do with an iligitiment entity is give it attention that legitimizes it .
but we did try . many times . it doesn ’ t just work because two fatasses send each other love letters .
do n't worry , it wo n't be a loop . it 's not clear if america will even get to step 3 . and even if we do get to step 4 , the climate will destabilize within decades and we 'll either massively redirect resources to save humanity , or we 'll all die . at this point i 'm just fighting for the hope that fascists are n't entirely in charge when things get bad .
kim is really good . he 's got this orange dumbass bending over on command . he is a true bdsm master .
did people read the article ? his words were not in defense of north korea . does america not put people do death ? send soldiers out to war to die ? i mean yeah north korea kills its own people which is horrible but thats what tucker carlson said is that it is horrible
he 's much more humble than you would understand..
please elaborate . what does math have to do with it ? it is a matter of definitions . are you of the opinion that government inherently owns all currency ? how the hell can seizing less money from those who possess it be seen as a cost ? it can ’ t . if it could , the fact that every american citizen not giving me money is a massive cost to me personally . it ’ s not cost , it ’ s stealing less . cost is expenditure , not income .
well he certainly didn ’ t say what you are saying . not at the debate at least .
that goes both ways cowboy
he has the look of shit does he not ... . lol
soon on fox news : `` look , is it great that we 've started rounding up journalists and democratic politicians , jailing them , and killing them ? no , but it 's needed to make america great again so it 's perfectly fine . next up , we 'll cover the facebook updates you need to make to keep from being reported to the fake news correction squads . ''
he sounds scared .
this submission has been automatically removed because it appears to be rehosted content . more information on this rule can be found here please message the mods if you feel your post is original content and filtered in error . otherwise , we encourage you to submit the original source for this article . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
your submission ` who will pay for trump 's $ 50bn 'deal of the century ' ? ` was automatically removed because ` news24.com ` is not on our approved source whitelist . r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source . domains must : be notable , as defined by our domain notability guidelines . notable domains will consist of news organizations , research organizations , political advocacy groups , governmental agencies / bodies , and political parties . contain articles , videos or soundclips relevant to current us politics contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source . be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey . if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist , please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us . however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form , we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account . if you submit a spam domain via the form , your account may be reported to the site administrators . to submit a domain for approval use this form and follow the instructions provided i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
who cares what that fascist thinks
removed
tbf you really should n't refer to tucker 's stuff as `` journalism '' .
student debt forgiveness will happen when i finally pay off my student loans . so either four years from now class of ‘ 09 or never .
nope false out of context
what a stupid thing to say given that nk has never attempted to blow the us up . the strategy he dumped on a whim already achieved that and kept nk contained ; it 's too soon to know whether trump acting on his whims will be as successful .
deleted
it is for some .
then change it
deleted
luckily enough , my dad doesn ’ t own any guns . my uncle on the other hand has a gun in every room . just laying there . on top of the washing machine in the garage . etc . he ’ s a big fan of george zimmerman .
what a shock that black people support black candidates .
this is awesome . and it ’ s a great magazine for kids . we get it for my daughter and she loves it .
listen , asking people why they choose not to hate entire race of people is n't racist . it 's just great television .
that ’ s the joke in the book .
meanwhile , iran realizes that building nukes will get them everything they want from trump .
rommel was one of the single best military minds of the time , on either side . he not only had to contend with opponents that were better equipped and supplied than him , he had to deal with leadership above and around him that found it was safer to lie to their boss about their short commings and losses than tell the truth . sound familiar ?
it 's an atrocious headline , you ca n't just put `` quotes '' around `` things '' and act like it `` makes any sense ''
says the fart in a windstorm from texas .
identity politics and handouts ? was this a serious question ?
& gt ; they believe rich got rich through just hard work and they earned it this made me laugh out loud . 1 % of the 1 percenters maybe got rich through hard work .
and you literally responded in his defense
or a bartender .
oh , so it 's one of those happy accidents where the car swerves on to the road ? also , ted , brakes control velocity , not direction . but who are we kidding , he does n't drive .
removed
the joke still fails . michelle did it to raise awareness . it got spread on daytime talk shows as a result . maybe you do n't follow politics , but many people listen to the first lady , even if they do n't support the president in charge . that 's been the case for michelle , laura , hillary , barbara , nancy , and rosyln . edit : according to wikipedia , there are over 100 girls still missing .
oh , well that sounds just fine .
it is completely fine to engage in diplomatic talks with them . but anyways , he called their actions disgusting and indefensible , he 's not trying to justify them . you are the epitome of someone who does n't secondguess clickbait titles , let alone actually read the article , grasping for straws to find evidence to support your preconceptions .
deleted
removed
he is a disgrace of a reporter , never an honest headline on his show but this is a new low by far . last week was “ democrats want open borders ” . stop sensationalizing , no one said that
actually , that 's not true . i did n't make a claim . i stated a fact . if he thinks my fact is wrong , it 's up to him to state why , not just , `` you 're wrong ! `` , especially when it takes 3 seconds to look it up . this is not a discussion about opinions , this is just facts . she has worked . she has a job right now . she was a model . she 's cowritten books . she has had her own fashion and jewelry lines . she has investments . she was the executive vice president of development & amp ; acquisition for trump enterprises . this is not a fox news source . i mean ... i do n't judge you for misunderstanding how burden of proof works because you likely learned that from the internet instead of at an actual academic institution . but trying to argue against basic facts without doing any research is just silly .
a country where the leader has n't killed one of its own citizens for reasons like in nk ? basically every single current leader of eu countries as far as i know . but i 'm sure merkel is killing a ton of people just like nk is . also again , is it literally impossible for you to construct a single argument ? ?
robert evans main podcast “ behind the bastards ” is phenomenal as well
she was clearly trying to play ambassador at the g20 . that ’ s an appointment that must be confirmed by the senate .
removed
“ if we wait long enough , the problem will solve itself . ”
deleted

that 'meme ' was retired years ago ...
pic # 5 . she 's 12 and his hands are very close to her boobs . or would be if she had developed any yet . it 's beyond inappropriate and gross .
removed
no , not meaningfully . they can keep pushing for appeal but it would require them to demonstrate the united states was harmed by letting doctors in to see and treat these kids to get an injunction pending the appeal and there is no way that is getting done because there is no harm to the us . so the doctors can go in even if they appeal .
oh man , hillary is so going to get impeached . i wonder if it will affect her chances in 2020..
leave his bitchass there
it 's like the united states has gone backwards over a hundred years and have forgotten world war 1 & amp ; 2 .
of course . they are rapist and terrorists in training . you know ... , the usual .
removed
deleted
be smart like them and get out while you can . /r/iwantout i hear norway 's nice this time of year .
removed
hey let me know when you put down those goalposts and want to act like an adult . & gt ; we are n't talking about making education free though
people concerned about white genocide ! ! 1 ! ! 1 ! ! 11111 !
removed
u guys are getting paid ? !
removed
why did they create the positions if they 're not helping them create a better education ?
removed
so you don ’ t have an idea , got it . next time someone who knows more than you talks about something you don ’ t know , maybe you should listen . you can ’ t pass judgement in someone ’ s intelligence if you yourself aren ’ t intelligent .
williamson was way out in left field . hickenlooper and inslee do have some good ideas .
deleted
wait is it populism when corporations get a bailout ?
how dare you besmirch the good name of a perfectly fine book written by al franken .
ted cruz sounds exactly like , and is just as crooked as mr. hayney on green acres . youtube it . it ’ s uncanny .
sounds good to me
who would jesus sue ?
avarice . he is the avatar of avarice .
those are great points .
a book ? how many pages can it take to explain shit shoveling ?
still there , a lot of people are demoralized , some of our best have left . we 'll have some rebuilding to do , but honestly , it 's going to be hard to get them back , or recruit new talent because everyone knows another republican administration is just 8 years away .
by the u.n 's definition of genocide in the present convention , genocide means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such : & gt ; killing members of the group ; causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ; deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ; imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ; forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . it seems like the last definition would fit .
it will just be 300 pages of the word `` objection ''
you will pay less in taxes than what you pay now for health insurance every other modern nation pays half what we do .
& gt ; on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . & gt ; ” not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr carlson added “ but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with. ” who do you think tucker was referring to here ? for all we know it could be saudi arabia a country where we have military bases , and where trump is currently trying to bypass congress by selling them weapons , and allegedly is negotiating with them to join a coalition against iran . tucker is trying to have it both ways here . it ’ s ok to negotiate with saudi arabia because they ’ re not as bad as north korea , and it ’ s ok to negotiate with north korea because we ’ re negotiating with saudi arabia and they ’ re not so bad in comparison . the end result is tucker basically saying everybody leave trump alone for kissing the asses of these murderers because neither of them are so bad that they can ’ t be forgiven if we can get something out of them .
picked herself up by the bootstraps to get a career though ! that is their whole shtick , right ? only reason they do n't care about it is because she 's not on their side
recycling is good for the environment .
so ... away from the trump cliff ? sounds good .
have we all forgotten of the monarchy ? the only qualification , granted recently incest is no longer required ... the divine bloodline and first child is the only requirement .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
chuck todd : `` democrats say water is not wet too . ''
i assume he meant it as , `` we can not continue to ignore the rules that determine the version of reality this court approves . ''
deleted
no , they just need to start impeachment hearings ...
i want the democrats to be having endless investigations of all of trump 's lifetime of crimes . & amp ; # x200b ; how about the time the preponderance of evidence was that he 'd raped a 13 year old girl and then after receiving a massive cash payout she suddenly dropped the charges ? how about \\all\\ the tax evasion and money trickery he 's been engaged in over a long lifetime of shady business dealings ? like , for example , the time his daddy bailed out his failing casino how the fuck can you make a casino fail ? by illegally sending a lawyer over to buy several million dollars in chips because an outright loan would have attracted too much attention ? how about trump 's frequent dealings with the mafia , including actual literal mobsters with comic nicknames ? how about the fact that his sister , the federal judge , suddenly resigned to avoid facing an inquiry into the crimes she 'd been committing on her brother 's behalf ? how about an investigation into the working conditions for the sweatshop workers making ivanka 's cheap knockoff accessories and clothes ? how about an in depth review of every bit of nepotism in the trump administration , starting with the security clearances ivanka and jared have and moving on from there ? how about a through investigation of trump 's hiring of undocumented immigrants as labor for his hotel properties ? including the fact that his managers actually provided fake id for at least one undocumented immigrant . how about a through investigation of trump 's preference for documented immigrant labor over american labor including lying on his application for more visas ? there 's so much to investigate that i 'm disgusted the democrats are n't opening an all out assault on trump using the investigatory powers of the house .
these pussies look at the weak , pathetic donald trump and see a strong man . their brains are fucking oatmeal .
i read the comments in the sites article . it 's all about them projecting and saying that all other news than fox is fake and they 're brainwashed by a single news network . ironic ...
people have called trump an orange clown for years and lyin ’ ted cruz can ’ t come up with an original nickname for the democrats . sad ! low energy !
deleted
this country has never not been at war in one way or another . “ war is peace ” has been the law of the land since way before 1776 .
it 's funny how obvious this video makes it but if any of my fox viewing family were to see it they 'd just blow it off . these news stations have some deep brainwashing going on for someone to ignore obvious evidence like that .
we 've been stuck on right for the past few decades now .
take it for what it is , this is coming from “ lyin ted ”
probably should just ban trump from any speakings or debates . that 's how you typically handle having to talk to opposition
removed
removed
removed
oof , russiabot is really broken now . it should probably be decommissioned at this point , and for the better .
your example just solidifies my point even more the comment is n't anti obama , it 's pro obama . it even literally says `` do not let the right fool you '' lol
that 's a stupid idea for a lot of reasons . not riding that idea into the white house . the vocal minority is all for it . the mostly silent majority ignores him .
no , there are n't any good nazis .
or just about any randomly selected person whose last name is n't trump . might not have been great , but it would have been an improvement .
deleted
no , a regime that has never killed anyone ? its a simple question .
deleted
the qualification was running & amp ; being elected ...
it has n't given much evidence to the contrary . communist movements were wildly successful at seizing power , so there is n't much to hide behind . at one point they had a third of the planet between them . failures , every one . communism has inarguably killed more people than fascism . so that 's another thing .
erm , no ... she ’ s clearly out of her depth . diversity allows for meritocracy and she has absolutely fuck all merit to showcase as the video clearly demonstrates .
ca n't say i disagree with that !
ted cruz is a dutiful bootlicker for the orange clown with mohair .
deleted
worst , period , candidate , period , ever , period .
the right is so off the rails they dont even try to act to uphold the constitution .
or how being a president 's wife prepare you for being a president .
yes you are now .
singling out the worst is hard in most scenarios , well except president of the united states . that one is clear .
no jackass , it 's minimizing the idea that while rapes happen in every country , a country whose leader and government sponsor such atrocities are disturbing and incomparable to saying things like `` to lead a country you need to kill people . '' carlson offers no context but but to let nk off the hook . of course we have to deal with countries and regimes that commit atrocities on their own people and beyond , but those relationships are despite that and should now be hand waved away .
he 's defending nk leaders directly . killing people is what it takes to lead , oh wells .
ugh , this singular focus on m4a as the one true solution is going to screw over efforts in this country at universal healthcare .
nice to see what sort of country the gop likes ...
are you the topic police ?
`` it 's an older reference sir , but it checks out . ''
a mandatory buyback is a gun ban . i guess technically they come together . you ban all guns and do a buyback at the same time to take current guns out of circulation .
telling the president what to think without commercials for gold , survival food and elder care lawsuits
and this answers my question how ?
removed
oh that ’ s interesting , i didn ’ t know they necessarily picked cases out ahead of time like that .
thank you ! it makes a real difference . i hope more will follow your lead
just fucking go away , you slagfaced hag .
& gt ; “ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world , ” mr carlson said during the phone interview on fox news .
he should drop out and make way for a more electable option .
deleted
he gave up us leverage for nothing at all , now the us is in a weaker position , nk is a stronger position and the us gained nothing . no wonder he 's a failed businessman who had to turn to scamming people with a fake university and stealing from charity . meanwhile potus should be a politician just as your physician should be a doctor . we would n't be in this loselose situation over the press secretary if he were a competent politician .
precisely
neither is stealing tips as a bartender ... but look at you !
lol i was not a gender studies major . and i read your post , i ’ m just dumbfounded you folks always tend to list the most ridiculous majors offered . we get it , you all are antieducation . fine arts and soft science majors benefit society greatly . those folks produce some of the most indicated books , music , films , etc . and yes , even the more critical based disciplines create cultural capital that has high value .
removed
the gop have seen her as a threat since the night she won , that 's why they sent their attack dogs after her .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
& gt ; '' they think you have to be fullon kkk to really qualify . '' this is a prevalent belief . you hear people all over talk about how racial issues are n't a problem anymore or how they do n't dee any . what they 're looking for are obvious and costumed `` bad guys '' but that 's hardly a qualifier . sure there may have been only a handful of marchers at whatever klan march , outnumbered by protesters , but that proves nothing . it 's attitudes not outfits .
deleted
& gt ; video game to modern day politics is not a good comparison that was part of the point they were making .
good thing trump is good at only hurting `` the right people '' or whatever that crazy lady said .
the backward thing is that “ electability ” puts the entire onus on a single candidate/team/party rather than putting it on us , the voters . we decide who ’ s electable because we ’ re the ones electing them ! rather than fretting about who is more electable , we need to be emphasising the importance of voting against trump regardless of your personal theories about which candidate or agenda is best . many people on this website spent years propagating the myth that “ both sides are equally bad ” or the only marginally better myth that “ dems are the lesser evil ” instead of screaming from the mountaintops that our country is being slowly eaten by an antidemocratic , radicalised party who is gaming the system to entrench minority rule .
i might be biased , but i think she 's a great candidate
& gt ; trump is out of office . on 1/20/2021 . awfully presumptive . i remember when dubya was `` the worst president in history and has no chance at reelection . '' this is going to be a hard fight , and the odds of winning are a whole lot slimmer than people assume .
removed
the daily caller when you 're out of toilet paper , newspaper and sand paper .
did you guys ever think they 're just trying to make kim comfortable enough to achieve some kinda deal with him
i do n't even know what to say .
`` do n't you think she looks tired ? ''
a capitalist system encourages people to make responsible financial decisions .
removed
i remember reading this at the time and feeling so frustrated that this writer couldn ’ t have been appointed to ask the questions for the democrats , like the republicans did with their prosecutor .
they 're painting kim as the sub , but mentally , he 's the dom .
title : putting lipstick on a pig , my life in the wh .
i think the whole `` point '' was that biden was a more `` likable '' politician than hillary , which somehow completely ignored the fact he showed far more creepy behavior than she ever did though i suppose the same can not necessarily be said for her husband . his actions are also little better if better at all than hers .
it means there is no future ...
removed
by fully funding a university education for everyone , we could greatly boost employment within colleges . so many young people getting a degree in the humanities are sadly struggling to find work . the universities could provide guaranteed employment for their graduates , kind of a payitforward approach .
which is such a tiny fraction of greenhouse gases that the only appropriate reaction to hearing someones solution to global warming is to make people go vegan because cow farts make the ice caps melt is to point and laugh .
removed
she ’ s incompetent and clueless . the world sees her and her father ’ s dynasty as a walking joke . but hey , stickin ’ it to the libs 2020 right ?
tucker carlson is literally the only news host besides independents on youtube who has not been advocating for a war against iran . fixed it for you .
chelsea clinton was 13 years old at the start of clinton 's presidency and 20 years old at the end of his presidency , during this time she was attending high school and college , so what is this pass are you talking about ?
& gt ; your link
and yet warren does n't face the same criticism for being in the same age bracket . plenty of her supporters shot on the old man bernie , as if warren was in her 40s .
he actually said , “ nothing will fundamentally change ” , and that ’ s oh so much worse .
deleted
because they 've always been the real fascists .
there 's no such thing as a free ~~torture camp~~ correctional facility , you know
if some people are accessible to care based on the amount of money they have , whereas other people die because they can not afford medicine , like insulin for example , then their right to life is denied .
i think that was the point of the joke
you 're being generous here.they 're already making room for it on the shelves at dollar tree .
prosecuting the criminal trump administration and not every administration before it too would be the ultimate cherry on top of american exceptionalism .
we aren ’ t talking about obama , we ’ re talking about donald trump . donald trump ’ s detention camps . donald trump ’ s heralding of north korea ’ s dictator , bowing to russia ’ s fascist putin , etc . this is the donald trump that ’ s currently occupying the oval office . why are you bringing up the constitution ? how is it relevant at this point when the white house and the republican party has shown they are willing to ignore it and the laws that govern the country ?
i don ’ t follow you
& gt ; recycling is good for the environment . then maybe this meme needs recycling as well ;
ah , the good ol ' got days .
you ’ re very welcome . it blew me away when i did the math . more people need to have a grasp of how much wealth is getting sucked straight to the top .
best argument you 've made so far to be honest .
their api is also quite fun to use
imagine going on live tv and saying that north korea , of all fucking countries , is just swell and that the people forced to suffer a miserable existence and die a miserable death are expendable and that ’ s ok because that ’ s what it takes to lead a country . fuck you , tucker carlson . you should be ashamed of yourself for being so far up the president ’ s asshole that you ’ ve started to think the shit smells like roses . you ’ d unplug your mother ’ s life support to charge your iphone so you can slide in our president ’ s dms . the disregard for human life , between immigrants coming to this country for a better life something all of our ancestors did and the subjugated people around the globe is disgusting . this is the country the us wants to be ? fucking disgraceful .
it 's perfectly appropriate during primary season , though .
removed
h. l. mencken was full of ‘ em . & gt ; every normal man must be tempted , at times , to spit on his hands , hoist the black flag , and begin slitting throats . & gt ; for every complex problem there is an answer that is clear , simple , and wrong . & gt ; the urge to save humanity is almost always only a falseface for the urge to rule it . & gt ; on some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart 's desire at last , and the white house will be adorned by a downright moron . & gt ; democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want , and deserve to get it good and hard . & gt ; puritanism : the haunting fear that someone , somewhere , may be happy . & gt ; no one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the american public . & gt ; democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage . & gt ; love is like war : easy to begin but very hard to stop . & gt ; every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under .
can you provide an actual argument about the topic ? it 's a simple question .
deleted
i don ’ t remember a single thing tim ryan or john bennett said
because , and this is really the pearlclutching argument they are making : how dare you imply that the suffering of brown children and jewish children are comparable ?
still better than a deadbeat dad and failed socialist .
case in point .
if you can ’ t defend someone you hate when their words are being twisted you ’ re a shitty person
& gt ; we uses to complain we had no real wars to fight . i just do n't understand this mentality . i really really do n't .
especially with a warmer climate that disease thrives on . oh wait . global warming is beyond the gops level of understanding too . 😲
yep , it sure is dead . liberalism , i mean .
good to know that your line for this `` mattering '' is one of these nutjobs actually going through with their murder threats . i sincerely hope i never have to see one of your posts again .
go back to your little quarantined sub reddit where you can spew all the trash and hate you want .
& gt ; look the democrats want open borders name some dems who want open borders and back it with quotes . i think the idea that dems represent open borders is just a myth . open borders is radical fringe position .
removed
inslee and hickenlooper have done great stuff for their states .
they are trying to normalize murder so it 's cool when trump murders all those people in the camps .
& gt ; ca n't say i disagree with that ! some did already apparently , lol
it absolutely is . i just hope his spark goes away .
& gt ; and for the love of god don ’ t nominate biden . i totally agree . that would set up dems for a repeat of the the humiliating 2016 defeats . and possibly install trump as a permanent dictator . we need a bold and courageous candidate who will inspire a massive turnout of voters . tired old joe is n't it .
i mean ... how many deaths did obama authorize via drone strikes ? hundreds ?
that 's how all royal bloodlines began . these dynastic families all started out by making their riches by doing horrible things .
deleted
how are you biased ? i just do n't see it . anyways , i agree . she is pretty great .
strong words coming from the zodiac killer .
it 's disgusting .
where ’ s the bad faith ? the kids need beds , the government is obligated to provide them , the employers of the bed vendor don ’ t want to be complicit , so they don ’ t want to fill the orders . here , the kids need medical attention , and the government is obligated to provide it , and i am legitimately hoping no doctors make like the bed vendor employees and refuse to participate on the grounds they don ’ t want to be complicit in the kids ’ detention .
i was told that homeless black people are run out of homeless camps as a rule .
op posts racist and antisemitic websites .
yawn . says the dude that spends 24/7 on a leftist forum . when entering a country illegally you have no rights and should expect to have none as well
free speech is a much larger concept than the first amendment .
removed
oh i didnt realize you were going to do this childish hyperbolic nonsense the whole time . dm me if you want to have a real big boy conversation .
that republicans are the political party is favor of using murder in the most political ways of possible . the next phase in republicans is nearly upon us .
this should n't be as much as an uproar . he should definitely come out stronger in the position that we do n't support atrocities . but i really see his point , the united states turns away to atrocities committed by itself and our allies .
was that an example of how mangled a sentence can be ? it was like reading someone gargle .
what do you mean meme ?
are you suggesting a gun ban with no buyback ?
& gt ; don ’ t let this guy make you think this is america this is like half of the us . all my conservative associates talk like that .
deleted
oh , ivanka ... . so rich yet so trashy .
maybe this is the fox news viewer 's are we the baddies moment ... .
he 's defending them by calling their regime disgusting , saying there 's no defending them , and explicitly saying that , while you do need to kill to lead , the scale on which nk 's leaders do it is unacceptable ? peo‍ple like you are the reason politics is so fucked nowadays . you do n't give a shit about truth , nuance , or context , just scoring points on people you do n't like by any means necessary .
i said tucker carlson can get fucked on this one for sure , he does not speak for my views when he says shit like that .
that look of `` we do n't include the staff in these conversations . know your role , young dear and gtfo and let the adults talk ''
aoc is an elected official , remind me how ivanka for her position ?
removed
this is the greatest trick the far right has pulled on their viewers . they say it 's not realistic for everyone to have access to healthcare , make a living wage , access to education , and not have state sanctioned killings . when in reality the nations with the highest overall happiness have all of those things .
how bigotry made a dove out of tucker carlson
i edited my post because it doesn ’ t fucking matter . no administration can fix it . they ’ re all at fault . and they all blame each other . so ... fuck it .
wow , i did n't know who christine lagarde was before this , but her pointed look of discomfort and the way she pretends ivanka is n't there , in the same way someone might try to pointedly ignore a very drunk person taking a shit on the table at a formal dinner party is ... quite impressive .
you dont . hes going to dance around the points , lie and deflect . instead a much more useful tactic is to expose to his less informed supporters how much of a fraud he is . ive found that works far better than engaging him at his level . dont even acknowledge his bullshit points , simply explain to people with facts why he is full of shit
fortean rambles
deleted
sadly , freedumb can be found in many places around the globe .
& gt ; medina , a city with the two richest men on the planet , the seventh wealthiest zip code on earth this sounds like it could be a great setting for an indie coming of age movie .
deleted
this is a good thing . tucker carlson is a good man and his style of american nationalism is the future of the republican party . john bolton is a war criminal who should be in prison .
it ’ s insane . it really is . we end up pointing fingers at each other for why we ’ re struggling when really we need to see we ’ re struggling because nearly all the wealth is being sucked up and hoarded at the very top .
what does math have to do with it ? the article is literally about comparing the sums of two different scenarios
no , quite frankly , until poor people of all colors are equal , the fact that they 're poor is less important .
one side argues for less information , and one for more information . surprisingly , tucker is on the latter .
i mean , it ’ s theresa may , lmao .
deleted
removed
when you are trying to change the topic of our conversation . yes .
& gt ; in the case of school segregation , i 'm against that . what if instead of drawing school district boundaries to include or exclude certain races , they just bused them in from other districts ? same exact effect , same exact motivation .
notice the section in your first link that states seniors on medicare rate their coverage highest of all . we are talking about that same exact coverage but for everyone . i 'm not surprised most people answered a survey that they want the best of both worlds . on it 's face it seems sensible to want guaranteed coverage and the option for people to supplement it . but it would perpetuate a deeply complicated billing and administrative system to have all these private insurers along with medicare for all . having a single payer streamlines the administrative costs of healthcare and simplifies things . it is also vital to reducing costs which is one of the big goals . once people experience it and we get past the rough transition period , it will be deeply popular . this is one of those cases where democrats should n't chase the polls . lead the polls the way republicans do . when rs see opposition in polls to their plans , they plow ahead with a media campaign to convince people to change their mind . ds need to do the same on this front .
bobby was actually a qualified lawyer though .
you wo n't get it
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
it would n't be my job to change their opinions , it would be my job to shape society in the interests of the working class . my campaign would be the beginning of a movement it would n't stop at my election , it would continue to ensure that the policies i implement stand the test of time and the test of our enemies .
uh good fuck bolton he 'd probably use it as fuel for an invasion
& gt ; biden . was fighting for improved schools in those communities separate but equal , right ?
take that r/ d
you 're genuinely saying that dictionaries are misleading people . how can you be that delusional ? also how can you believe trump is n't misleading you when he constantly lies ?
antifascists are the real fasciscts ! ! ! 1 !
did he say the things in the quote ? yes ? not fake news . he literally said it . it 's an incomplete and misleading quote . that 's not fake news .
check out beau of the fifth column . his explanations on current issues are gold .
it 's called forcing people who made responsible decisions and sacrificed the quality of their education for a better economic situation to bail out those who did n't .
it 's frustrating . i would support having more justices just so things could be decided quicker or the court could split up and operate year round . it 's bizarre that there 's a scotus season as opposed to `` go to work every day like the rest of us . ''
we broke them on purpose .
i 'm sorry you think that ted cruz 's criminal history is a meme .
i mean really , trump is the biggest mark i ’ ve ever seen in my life . literally will give you anything if you say nice things about him . i can ’ t imagine a worse , more dangerous type of person to have as president . after just 4 years he ’ s going to have propped up and empowered literally every major murderous dictator and hostile american foreign enemy . it ’ s truly stunning .
you have to be halfway down in the deep end of the pool to even watch that shit .
removed
itt : wha ? alt right posters urging dprk `` law and order '' for the rest of us .
so uh ... hitler must 've been a great guy then , right ? /s
deleted
deleted
removed
i 'm ... .lost for words ...
removed
removed
& gt ; & gt ; you guys i 'm a person , these are my thoughts . kim has been manipulating trump for pr purposes this entire time and has no interest in peace because peace is an existential threat to his power . the image of the u.s. president , the great enemy , capitulating and agreeing to meet shows the sacrifice made of the well being of the people in the interest of increasing military might was worth it . proof that the threats worked and the u.s. is afraid of a nuclear armed nk . proving kim and the leaders were right to be brutal and ruthless because it got them respect on the world stage . the u.s. president coming on to nk soil to demonstrate respect . all of this has been a big show for kim to validate his family 's actions and rule over the decades . the people in nk see what he wants and what they see is kim won .
what if trump refuses to debate the democratic candidate .
true but did he start a handbag company ?
or gun owner .
deleted
yeah , you 'd think that , but the axlotl tanks beneath the bush volcano fortress have already spawned george prescott bush ... yep , he 's named after the george bush who hired ag barr to defend the iran contra scumbags and prescott bush who was part of the business plot that was supposed to overthrow fdr in a military coup and install a fascist government . he 's been elected to the office of land commissioner and already got him some low level scandals to help build his bonafides as a scumbag : & gt ; bush dismissed some one hundred land commission employees hired under the preceding commissioner jerry patterson . according to the san antonio expressnews , bush paid almost $ 1 million in taxpayer funds to encourage the dismissed personnel not to file suit against either him or the agency . he kept at least forty persons on the payroll for up to five months after terminating their employment ; they agreed in writing not to sue . and he 's learned what dick to suck : & gt ; after his father 's exit from the race , bush campaigned for donald trump as chairman of the texas republican party 's effort on behalf of trump . most of the remainder of bush 's family refused to campaign for trump . gp bush is also working on the code words for pumping more money into the poor , abused 1 % & gt ; bush criticized florida governor charlie crist in office 2007–2011 for accepting money from the 2009 stimulus package , calling for a return to fiscal conservatism . in january 2010 , he endorsed marco rubio , crist 's opponent for the united states senate . expect to see him running for governor of texas when greg abbot decides to step down and then the white house right after that .
i like how liberals are freaking out about this , but tucker is right . how many people did americans kill to establish the country ? britian ? china ? japan ? mexico ? cuba ? russia ?
best seller
because america elected a dumb fuck conspiracy grandpa racist tv idiot is why .
you ... you ca n't just say `` case in point '' after i literally just coaxed you into saying you support rape . how are you even a thing right now ?
yeah , are they implying this is a joke ? this is pretty standard fact .
this is disturbingly accurate
removed
the cruelty is the point
i think there 's already such an order from the case about a year ago . the administration has been `` slow '' to comply .
removed
i remember tim ryan saying something about the democrats being out of touch with blue collar workers and they needed to get back to that . other than that all i remember is them promising to make sure that trans females have access to abortion and illegal immigrants getting healthcare .
removed
i 'm looking at his words and what they mean . when you say `` on the other hand '' then go on a diatribe about how government killing is just how it is and everybody does it and to call kju so mean is silly , those are his words dude , what do you expect ? this is exactly like every other argument i see constantly , `` well obuma did it so it okay '' or `` well other countries do it so it 's cool '' . `` you ca n't call him mean because others do it ! '' he is n't saying anything about calling it worse . he 's saying everyone does it so it 's okay . then once the people that follow his words religiously pick up on that , they themselves will think `` well , you just got ta kill some people for government '' and we are already see people say `` well , he 's right . '' no he is n't . he 's just talking a bunch of shit to push people to his side and using manipulative , dangerous tactics to do it . to pretend otherwise is ridiculous . at least i 'm thinking and not regurgitating what others say . if it makes me a lunatic actually thinking about what things mean and why then so be it .
removed
he means ; so what if donald trump causes death here and there ?
birth via rape was common for slaves enough so that slaves so whitelooking they could run away and live as whites became an “ issue. ” but most black americans have slaveholder as well as slave dna in them .
some just made a better case or came with one at all
deleted
google “ korean war ” and “ north korean torture camps ”
i tried . you are too dense to even notice it .
that is an oversimplification . there are too many counterexamples for that to be a solid rule . the capitalist system is all about tradeoffs , and unless you are part of the defunct austrian school of economic thought , these tradeoffs are not equally beneficial to all parties involved . the capitalist system is n't necessarily evil or wrong , but someone is always getting the worst of a deal , and it generally benefits someone who can efficiently take advantage of others .
all of trump 's advisers are generally shitty people .
clearly its not incomparable ... you just compared them and concluded that one is worse . just like tucker .
what do you mean the old days ? the studio burned down after season 7 . shame they never got around to 8 , i imagine it would have been amazing .
removed
we 've spent what , 40+ years trying to do things the old way ? it has yet to work . time to try something else . woefully , it takes a slack jawed halfwit like trump to stampede into it
& gt ; what do you mean meme ? maybe if you follow the link ...
if they say they have that much cash on hand , why do they not actually have that much cash on hand ? they should be investigated by congress .
most of us , myself included , really are n't happy about them and do n't evenremotely trust the official statistics surrounding them . fox was too busy focusing on a tan suit around that time , so many of us did n't really know about it . i also was not an adult or educated voter for a good part of obama 's tenure so did n't actively pay attention as such . trump 's idiocy has the unique quality of getting uninterested people to pay attention to politics .
came here to say what in the actual dictator loving orange skinned fuck is the world coming to
former south carolinian here ! i donated last night ! it is possible . people just need to be motivated to get to the polls !
ted cruz is n't the zodiac killer , do n't be ridiculous . he 's an unknowable horror from the great beyond .
wtf , i love tucker carlson now
deleted
absolutely .
you do n't seem to understand what the quarantine did .
they don ’ t believe in liberal democracy , aka the american experiment . they don ’ t believe in government for the people , i.e . a government that works to protect life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . leading a country does not mean killing people . the entire point was to aspire to be more than the hobbesian leviathan . trump has killed the american idea and given us naked power and greed . what serves his malignant definition of financial gain and economic growth serves us all . full stop .
he has said the same thing about multiple candidates .
it goes back way further . people were arrested for giving speeches against getting involved in wwi under the espionage act . later freed by supreme court after years of fighting . writers and professors lost their jobs . that was the first red scare , the second one caused tons of hollywood directors to be blacklisted and the fbi followed prominent leftists like mlk jr . being a strong voice against the imperialist actions of the us has a history of being a crime or enough to force you out of your position so you are voiceless . if not arrested , you will be shadowed , harassed , delegitimized by any means , and obstructed in all possible ways .
til cruz knows nothing about automobiles . only steering left would have nothing to do with the brakes .
i believe it is called a terrorist fist jab
honestly , could n't care less .
he announced it a long time ago on twitter
okay ? do you actually have an argument ?
this is modernday slavery , or at very least indentured servitude . and in the name of god , no less . well , the bible does condone slavery , so ...
& gt ; $ 500 million dollars in cash . the deal , approved by six countries and the european union , gave iran access to its own frozen assets .
nothing is as good as dorito mussolini
i ’ ll lead tucker , you come get what you preach . it ’ ll be ok , like you said , that ’ s what leading a country takes ... so take one for the team tucker boy !
i ca n't afford a house . no bank would give me a loan . my money goes straight to the rich landlord .
this is the gop ’ s worst nightmare .
here is the context . allow me to pull you in to the real world . ivanka is the presidents daughter . thats the only qualification /reason she was able to gain access to the room where elected national leaders are talking about important issues pertinent to the positions they were chosen to take care off . thats why it is very insulting to them and for the people who voted for them to have this naive disrespectful woman walk in to and think they are equals . they are not and will never be . the mere audacity of ivanka walking in to that meeting like she is walking in to her buildings book club is a terrifying glimpse in to her mindset . she is conceded idiot .
as a nonpartisan apolitical outsider that generally does n't like commenting on this political stuff , i just have to give the democrats kudos for electing aoc . she 's intelligent , thoughtful , and quite frankly an inspiration ! one hell of a role model . she must drive republicans crazy , lol . god bless .
i 'll explain for you . 1 the left is running out of explosive rhetoric to use because they have made wwii atrocities commonplace in their vernacular . 2 the left appears to care about language and its intetpretation by others who express their feelings are hurt ... except when they disagree politically with the person claiming injury 3 aoc should apologize offending holocaust victims
look man , nazis are disguising . they 're pieces of shit , horrible people . but at the same time , we have to be realistic . a lot people like to hate jews . most countries hate jews . a lot of our allies hate jews . i 'm just saying , we should n't dismiss people just because they hate jews . see what i did there ? that 's essentially what tucker did . he condems with one side of his mouth and then with the other side excuses . almost in the same breath . get real dude . he condoned north korea , yes . but why even mention that a lot of countries commit attrocities ? like , is he maybe just trying to smooth them out a bit ? in context it certainly seems like he 's going for deniability with the first sentence but then saying it 's ok in the second because other people do it .
i have seen so , e idiots try to claim she was the corporate democrat , warhawk candidate . it ’ s like they saw blonde woman and pulled out the hillary playbook , but man did they miss on that one .
no , i had an extra nickel
seems like an electable option , honestly most candidates running do .
but why on earth is judy woodruff still delivering news on pbs ?
next step they 'll kill the kids in detention ncenters because leadership
just joking friend , i 'm implying that it is factual .
that 's stupid . you do n't start with that . you 'd just be blowing money . first , you need to gradually raise a tax on all firearm purchases . this 'll signal to everyone that you 're on the way to removing military equipment from the list of civilian toys , resulting in tons of assholes buying as many assault rifles as they can in the hopes of making a killing in the buyback , but because you 'll specifically tax those more , you can spend this period raising that tax until assault rifle prices are astronomical . then , once you 're ready to buy the assault rifles back , you use the tax dollars you 've already accrued from gullible gunowners to buy back their own crowdsprayers at a fraction of the price those greedy dumbasses paid for them .
handbags made in sweatshops in foreign countries .
the government has access to plenty of beds they could use . for example , every state and territory in the us has military bases with empty barracks and empty beds . source : was army . there are plenty of beds . good on the wayfair employees for standing against putting children in concentration camps .
deleted
anyone smart in politics care to explain how significant this is ? i know bobby rush is notable for the guy being the only person to not lose to obama but besides that how significant are these endorsements and will they carry any weight in her polling ?
iirc many did n't stop at `` ugly '' , but progressed to `` not fuckable '' . not in popular media held in check by the fcc , but it was out there
this will make trump 's base say europe are the baddies and make them side more with russia and nk ... but maybe they will have a moment and think `` are we ... the baddies ? '' i support macron . something has to give to make these people understand the damage trumplethinskin is doing . they live in an alternate reality where everything trump has done is amazing , and he has n't done anything wrong . `` the economy is booming , jobs are flowing '' trump supporters , while everything around them is burning
looks like the `` get last word in '' system is still functioning , but not much else .
yes . governments are monopolies on violence and expressing that objective truth is in no way an endorsement of the violence of governments .
if the manufacture or fission weapons , possible fusion weapons , does n't define a real world player then what does ?
i think you 're reading my post incorrectly . trump has gutted the diplomatic core of the us . he has inflamed the relations in the region . trump 's weakness is why kim has pushed so hard .
bubbles was very aware of who he was and was also very empathetic . definitely a better human being than anyone in the trump crime family .
removed
idk man . if you do n't have the time to `` worry '' about your government purposefully inflicting lifelong psychological trauma to thousands of children , many as young as four months , based purely on racism and without any evidence that it 's in the public good ... i 'd say that 's a pretty big moral failure . i 'm very good friends with people who do n't care , but i can not see them the same way and it substantially lowers my respect for them . the thing is though , you 're right . most people do n't care . but think about how bad that is : not a century after the holocaust , americans are too preoccupied with bullshit to care that this nightmare is being perpetrated by their government , on their soil , in their names . i think the fact that there have n't been regular mass protests is a widespread moral failure . this is a stain on the soul of this country and everyone should be outraged . it 's outrageous that they 're not . i have a great career that allows me to help build a better generation , a loving partner at home , an amazing dog , an even more amazing cat , excellent friends , and a state with legal marijuana . otherwise , i have no idea how i 'd cope with my disappointment in the american public .
motherfucking ted cruz trying to moralize at us here in oregon when he has children dying in concentration camps in his state ? go fuck yourself , ted . get your shit in order . you 're a , uhhh , `` latino . '' you should care about these children .
he ca n't look any worse . and remember , his base eats this shit up . his entire election strategy is to energize his base while suppressing democratic turnout . while it is good news , the fight is far from over , and the stain will be upon our country for generations to come .
i thought teresa may quit .
`` i 've been on food stamps and welfare . anybody help me out ? no . '' craig t. nelson
you didn ’ t . saying something exists is not a citation .
fuck yeah
democrats : we want everyone in our nation to be able to get medical care if they 're sick without fear of it ruining them economically ! republicans : but there 's groups of people i do n't like who i want to die if they get sick ! republican voters would rather suffer themselves than incidentally help anyone who does n't look or act like them . they really are incapable of empathy with othrr human beings , are n't they ?
and loyalty , honesty , trust , faith , dignity , maturity , wisdom ... the list goes on and on ! these are all adjectives that come to mind when one hears the name , “ trump. ” side note : i also heard he actually does know how to ride a bicycle , he just never has because it ’ s too “ girly. ” that ’ s why no one has ever seen it . obviously no photo documentation has been found either . edit : i see everybody still needs an “ /s ” for things like this . thought the bicycle stuff would have been an obvious giveaway . but i think that says more about the ridiculous things things his supporters actually believe about him . cest la vie .
and the taliban did 9/11 lol
stupid yes but complicit as well .
deleted
and exbartender aoc does ? lol
what did it do ?
& gt ; i am one being and not several ted cruz of t'exas
lol , seriously . saw your initial comment was in the negative . they 're definitely floating around here , so sad edit : seems it has rebounded . it had an upvote from me .
i think the politically correct term for space owners is landlords
how the fuck do you only have 1 upvote ? ? ? ! ! ! after mine !
make him look like the idiot he is .
and the banks have no responsibility for offering loans to people they knew would likely default ? what 's you're point ? even if you 're right , ok , so the democrats fucked up and `` never took responsibility for it '' . as if the republicans have ever taken responsibility for anything ?
there was a rule issued by the cfpb the last few months of obama 's presidency to prevent exactly this type of clause and the gop used a section of the apa to repeal it by congressional vote . i just cut ties with my local credit union for reverting after they had initially adopted it in preparation for complying with the rule . this is gop policy at it 's finest .
i do n't understand how she dresses so inappropriately
it took me 20 seconds to comprehend the question in the title .
removed
biden 's entire political opposition and lip service against segregation but actively supporting it with policy and partnership with white supremacist segregationists can be eulogized as this : & gt ; you start out in 1954 by saying , “ nigger , nigger , nigger. ” by 1968 , you can ’ t say “ nigger ” —that hurts you , backfires . so you say stuff like , uh , forced busing , states ’ rights , and all that stuff , and you ’ re getting so abstract . now , you ’ re talking about cutting taxes , and all these things you ’ re talking about are totally economic things and a byproduct of them is , blacks get hurt worse than whites . ... “ we want to cut this , ” is much more abstract than even the busing thing , uh , and a hell of a lot more abstract than “ nigger , nigger. ” _lee atwater_ southern strategy architect
removed
ok wtf
not just his criminal history , his preworld history of xanthoglobulus .
williamson has good `` points ? '' what are they ? a healing crystal in every pot ? measles for all ?
well that step of being governor did n't help jeb , and rick perry could n't step off of being governor either . so i 'm hopeful . we 'll see of course .
i would argue it should n't be . like i said i like how germany does it , your employer and you are required to copay for a plan , but you choose the plan . if you 're out of work , you get subsidized . & amp ; # x200b ; i do n't mind plans being a thing cause it can help direct health care behavior when it comes to elective surgery , ect . i do n't think the bernie sanders model with 0 copays is the best idea . there needs to be a middle ground where you 're not getting every treatment possible and not going to the doctor for littlest thing but not having an 8000 dollar deductible
presidential medal of feifdom is more accurate
the rest of the world recognizing them as such , which trump was the first to do .
okey , now i 'm curious . where can we find ivanka trumps resume ? is it online ?
removed
even if that were true it would n't make oac wrong .
people fail to realize that our unique power has always been soft power . trump 's assault on state is an unmitigated disaster . once we get corruption under control , you guys will hopefully get what you need . edit : i initially read that as `` we have some of our best left '' . i removed my comment , `` good to hear '' . now i 'm depressed .
what about dating someone of power to help you ? i love how democrats are ignoring everything about kamala harris being boosted into politics by willie brown..
removed
ok so the word violence means `` north korea killing it 's own citizens '' . great logic buddy .
he is very much trying to make it sound like it is perfectly reasonable and acceptable to kill people in order to maintain your personal power . how is this good ?
fox is running the henhouse .
this is the natural outcome when the only goal in the usa for 50 years is money and power at any cost
totally cool and totally legal . the fact that ’ s it ’ s acceptable is what pisses me off .
spending 30 % of the debate talking and having everyone raise their hands supporting illegal immigrants and busing can only come back and hurt them . the ny post cover put it best .
removed
my larger point is that health care is n't something we need a profit on . like the military , it can be a simple cost of the social contract .
again , not a joke ...
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
while i like all your proposed titles , any book editor would dismiss these as pamphlets . but that 's good enough for the trump presidential library .
you ’ re comparing the most evil man in recent history with a president that holds a strict immigration policy , you ’ re a prime example of a false equivalence . how can you possibly say that these camps are designed to be worse than the ww2 camps which , if you haven ’ t been to their remains , were hell on earth ? so disrespectful to the victims of the holocaust . so disrespectful . you can make your case for the detention camps being inhumane without undermining the history of the holocaust and allowing it to be forgotten and misused ,
i see , was wondering if someone was not aware of the word 'meme ' ... but yes , same as idiocracy should have won an oscar for best documentary ...
honestly , that ’ d make me happy just fine . i hate hearing the jarblin that flows from that dude ’ s sound hole . thats wishful thinking on my part though .

welp . you know the drill . sort by controversial and grab a bag of popcorn
what the hell happened here ? ? ? dozens of deleted comments all with silvers ?
she ’ s on the board of at least two companies that do compensate her . the idea that she is there on merit alone is frankly , dubious . it ’ s no different than spouses of elected officials that get board seats . they get them because of access , not because of any special insight .
he also said that we needed to improve/expand the state department .
removed
well no , we do need juvie
removed
ivanka don ’ t english good specifically that he ’ s used architect as a verb
deleted
reddit is a terrible source for news . just as bad as facebook , and worse than watching some of the 24 hour news channels people like to scream about on here which are already a terrible way to consume news . if you 're on reddit looking for news you probably come to the comments first instead of the reading the article or looking at the source . simply not the way to read the news and get the information you need . the writer and editor of a good journalistic outlet do that work for you . if you want both sides of every story you 've already fucked up . because one side of some stories is `` killing people we do n't like is moral and just '' . if you want american news read the washington post and new york times . not the editorials . just news stories . the guardian also does a pretty good job covering the us as a british paper . wall street journal has the oldfashioned probusiness ties the gop used to tout in its dna , but it can have interesting takes on things when they 're not sucking the toes of ceo 's or the gop if they manage to unfuck themselves long enough to pass a tax cut for rich people .
if sanders became president and the next day he wrote off all student loan debt , would you object to doing that if it did n't also have provisions for people who have paid their debt bundled in ?
the actions are different but it 's the same animal . apply for a job in both places . in one the hostility is so thick in the air that you can see it , while the other ones smile in your face but do n't hold your breath waiting for a callback .
i know , and at the same time i 'm not ruling out he 'll do a rally instead
we went from communistic countries with authoritarian leaders that torture and kill their citizens is bad to 'it 's not so bad because the us kills people too ' . jesus ! listen to yourself .
i bet when she told daddy about handbags , he thought she meant gloves .
deleted
do you think a forprofit college is the same as a public library ?
they ’ re scared .
junior isn ’ t very relevant to this story . he ’ s just made the centerpiece to distract from the actual point . it isn ’ t about race , it ’ s about who kamala ’ s family really is , compared to the story she ’ s telling about it . her own father isn ’ t too appreciative of her fabrications .
ikr karl marx was a monster
so america should n't have a relationship with russia ? china ? saudi arabia and much of the middle east ? turkey a nato ally ? most of africa ? what about iran ? should obama have made the deal he made ? what about cuba ? dealing with ugly people and ugly regimes is diplomacy . but most people are too ignorant and too partisan to actually see the chessboard clearly .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the media and president working this close to eachother . i thought this was exactly what conservatives said they were afraid of when badmouthing `` the media '' . turns out this was yet another projection . they are ok with all the things they claimed `` the media '' was doing , apparently . as long as it 's their side doing it .
i like sanders more than biden , and may well support him in the primary depending on what my options are by the time i get to vote . but i 'd still rather have someone who is n't going to turn 80 during their first term in office . we have a preponderance of options . it 's time for the trump/biden/bush ii/clinton generation to step back .
this should be the first words from any debate opponent trump has . establish that the third among equals branch labels trump a piece of shit .
hi ` freedomnotfree2 ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason : already submitted : this article has been submitted to /r/politics within the last three days : i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
why aren't you racist is what the black candidate has to answer ... really not sure what to make of this
unfortunately also known as “ daddy ” in alabama
yes , absolutely , singaporeans probably make better strategists . and is there any question as to how capable the jews are as strategists ? iq is vastly more influenced by genetics than environmental factors . for all the reasons i 've mentioned , not the least of which are iq and the fact that our military would be fighting their family members , this is just simply self evident that the citizens do n't need technological parity to put up a formidable and lasting defense .
removed
hit them where it hurts . yes aoc keep it coming
so how is this legally not holding someone to something akin to debtor 's prison ? & amp ; # x200b ; if they are garnishing their workers wages while forcing them to shop at the company store then they are basically triple dipping . quadruple if they hired people they knew they would be taking to court . quintuple when you can bet that it 's hard to leave a job like this knowing that you ca n't use them as a reference to find another .
removed
what trump did right , which clinton and now biden have failed to do , is address the actual issues facing the working class . ideally , those dying rust belt towns are the perfect place for the left to campaign , because they ’ re getting screwed over by the system , but the democrats have seen fit to just completely ignore them while trump and the right at large don ’ t . of course , when trump or hannity or the rest of those ghouls correctly identify issues , they only do so to then turn and place blame falsely on some marginalized group who is also being exploited by the system that the conservatives and “ centrist ” dems want to uphold . it ’ s easy to say “ yeah , but they ’ re just racist hicks ” , but we should be countering that fearmongering rather than just ceding the entire idea of interacting with those areas to the right .
fake it till you break it .
hi ` wbedwards ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason : already submitted : this article has been submitted to /r/politics within the last three days : i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
i never said it was reasonable . we are living in a society now where it is socially acceptable for people like kathy griffith , snoop dogg , and many others to publish mock assignations of the president ; plays to be based on it ; songs written about raping the first lady ; people wearing masks beating and using weapons against people with differing views ; milkshakes laced with quickset cement being thrown on people to give them chemical burns ... reason is long gone and has been for the last few years . though , there does seem to be a very slight difference between all those affirmative acts of violence/ promoting violence and a statement that one will use violence as a means to avoid arrest not the “ resistance ” full of violence the left has been promoting for years , but admittedly similar . honestly , the only non hypocritical viewpoint would be admitting the senators are wrong but realizing the left has been promoting a disgusting level of hyperpartisanship that embraces violence for the last few years and this is the result .
how did the democrat debates go ? pretty good or no
& gt ; trump wouldn ’ t ask permission to play through the cartoonist addresses this on their twitter : of course he 'd be more rude in real life
before trump called off hitting iran , he supposedly called carlson who is the one who talked him out of it . he is an adviser to the president .
the greatest book of lies in human history . & amp ; # x200b ; or & amp ; # x200b ; how to 1up the `` truth '' of the gutenberg bible
kinda like how msnbc and cnn aren ’ t very subtle about being cheerleaders for the democrats huh
sociopathy is a helluva drug .
she has graduated college with a degree in economics already one of the most influential congresswoman and she is not 30 yet most parents would be happy if there children accomplished half as much during there life . aoc has just started and many expect she will eventually go all the way to white house .
removed
not at all , i condemn all political violence , white supremacy and nazi 's . i also think that white supremacy and nazis are words that are thrown around to often by weak minded liberals in an attempt to shut down debate and demonize political opponents .
this is a major misconception from fancy headlines . apple overseas subsidiaries have a huge chunk of that cash . if they try to get it back to apple hq , it 's time to pay taxes . apple also has like $ 25 billion in actual cash on hand . but they could invest that money into other corporate bonds at a nice , hypothetical 8 % interest . because they 're apple , they can borrow from a bank at 5 % interest . they make money off of their own money . as a business , if you can get loads of cheap money , you make use of it . if you can pull it off as a person , that 's great too .
& gt ; e is absolutely correct , as usual said no thinking person , ever
i mean there ’ s already confirmed deaths , allegations of rape , and rampant mistreatment . and that ’ s just the tiny drip drip drip we get from hearings and leaked info .
if you 're defending a shitty person when they 're being a shitty person then you 're a shitty person
the fact that there are poor people is the real important issue here not there are poor people of different color
that 's not all she would be polishing .
why is he always such a dick ! ? ?
he is one
it only steers towards policies that helps the american people instead of pandering to dictators . may we all `` break '' in such a manner .
removed
ditch mitch , and his republican majority .
yeah i was just thinking , if fear is any indication of how things are going at the white house now trump has probably unloaded on bolton because all he does is watch tv .
yes it is .
ironically the cfpb enacted a rule preventing arbitration just like what is happening here . the gop repealed it the first month of trump 's term because the apa had a clause to allow congressional majority vote to unwind any rules passed in the final months of an administration . this was going to be illegal , then gop did their normal thing .
deleted
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
removed
removed
aoc is probably just as dumb as trump ’ s daughter ... remember . she wanted to ban cow farts and airplanes ...
& gt ; americans owe $ 1.6 trillion + in student debt . this amount of debt amounts on the personal level to a second rent payment in many instances . no , that 's not really accurate at all . & gt ; the most important thing to realize about student loans is that most borrowers don ’ t have too much trouble handling them . in 1999 , the median borrower would have had to spend about 5 percent of his or her income after leaving school to pay back loans . by 2010 that number had only risen to 6 percent . in 2014 , beth akers of the brookings institution observed that the average student loan payment wasn ’ t much more than what the typical household laid out each month on entertainment . even though that number might be higher now , this is not some huge amount for most people . the really large balances are usually borne by grad students like doctors , lawyers , and mbas . what is progressive about subsidizing doctors ? & gt ; were this amount of debt to be forgiven , it would have multiple benefits . immediately , it will enable indebted working class and middle class families to participate in ways previously forbidden to them . without student debt , graduates will be more likely to find and pursue jobs that fulfill them . that 's almost impossible . the unemployment rate is about as low as it 's going to go , especially for college grads and terminal degree holders . forgiving this debt would be about as stimulative as giving away a trillion and half dollars to random people . & gt ; indirectly , so long as student debt exists , this makes universally free college education less likely as there would still be people who say things along the lines of `` i worked 300 hours a week and paid my way through college , so should everybody else '' or similar stories . that does n't make any sense . we already have a few states with free or nearly free community college . the two issues have almost nothing to do with one another . even if it were true , the idea that it will take a $ 1.5 trillion bribe for people to support free college is preposterous . & gt ; sanders 's proposal would pay to forgive student debt via a 0.5 % tax on financial transactions . this tax will primarily impact the very wealthy and as such will not be a tax on the working class to pay for the upper class . no it wo n't . a great deal of financial transactions are initiated by pensions , 401k , colleges , and other institutions that are not exclusively owned by rich people . these are teachers and other working class people . that't not even getting into market liquidity issues . & gt ; by forgiving student debt and thus making universal higher education free at the point of use , we make education more accessible to all classes , especially the working class . this is demonstrably false . this was demonstrated to be false in other countries like the uk which used to have free college . what happens is that you just subsidize rich and upper middle class people . this is because the underinvestment of poor kids during primary and secondary school prevents them from going to college in the first place . until you fix that problem , free college is like offering free airfare to a tropical island . & gt ; that factor disappears by decommodifying education in the way that the senator has proposed . no it does n't . see above . & gt ; free college education coupled to increased k12 funding enables more teachers to be hired at better wages , as well as relieved new teachers of student debt . more can be said , but my 15 minute break is over but we are n't talking about increased k12 education are we ? the reason we are n't is because you ca n't buy votes and pander to indebted millennials that way .
ivanka trump making history :
no , because a more affordable humanities degree is still a waste of a degree . i think the issue is that people spend 4 years collecting debt and doing nothing , and then they still have to start off as a waiter in the real world . even if you made college totally free and you ignored the dampening effects this would have on our economy by wasting so much money you would still be wasting four years of someone 's life . now when you enter the workforce you 're working for someone who 's younger than you who decided not to go to college , you 're life feels worse than it felt like in college because you do n't have as many luxuries , and you 're behind on having kids i forget the percentage but a meaningful amount of women have conception issues past the age of 30 , which is easier to reach if you waste four years doing nothing . now you have less savings , you might have to work longer to pay for retirement , and everything is delayed so that you could play beer pong and pontificate over whether shakespeare is too sexist to read about in modern day literature . again though , this is all besides the point because this is a bunch of people who benefit directly from more students entering college saying we need more students to enter college . it 's like doctors petitioning the state to raise speed limits , or grocery stores petitioning the fda to say that people need more high profitmargin foods think organic or allnatural
is there a way i can block this subreddit from showing up regardless of what page i 'm on . this place is a fucking joke .
i tell you one and one makes three .
next time they bring that up , ask about the jewish german children that came by the boatful to the us and were turned away , only to all be killed back in nazi germany . then ask why it 's different .
trump has literally voiced a desire to fuck his daughter , weird happened many moons ago
it ’ s the first time a president has stepped foot in a notoriously secluded and ruthless nation . i ’ d thought there would at least be a article in the news section
nope , just here for the outrage .
no i really do n't want to see a bunch of bickering kids trying to fight for first in line
removed
lol ... you ’ re not smart , you ’ re bitter .
then you do n't have the slightest concept of what socialism is .
p pop
regarding that recent north korea trip , we probably payed for tucker carlson 's plane ticket as well .
working around is an insult to both parties . it means they are tolerating him and or accommodating him . i understand though , for the sake of future and present dealings\relations they are doing things like this .
please provide some data source for your statement . from everything i 've read , in america , those born into poverty have one of the greatest chances of making into the top 20 % in their lifetime . additionally , 20 % of those born or inherited wealth will lose that money and become less fortunate .
boycott boycott boycott
this . barnes and noble should put this into the historical fiction section . on clearance .
`` i have previously given you a fish , but you have n't paid me for it yet . but i shall employ you at the lowest possible rate and take more from that rate so you can pay me back . also i will continue to give you fish even though you owe me , ca n't afford it , and other people want to give you fish for cheaper but i wo n't let you buy from them . & amp ; # x200b ; and also i want 3 fish in return . ''
i agree with your statement , but really the obama stuff has got ta end . we all know about the hypocrisies that exist . remembering the past isn ’ t going to solve that . planning for our future will . we got ta decide what type of future we want for our kids . our grand kids . our choices in the next 25 years will reflect what ’ s to come .
blobfish would also be an acceptable answer . i think he 's one of the fish people from innsmouth .
shooting at inanimate objects is a sign of mental illness ?
if you are already aware of the answer and you know there is no historical context or evidence that suggests the person responding has indeed ever been racist , the initial premise was wrong and further may imply that the person that asks the question feels that she clearly should be racist , why is n't she ? this makes it racist . tl ; dr its a racist question when you add context .
i dreamt a couple nights ago that she became president . i woke up thinking “ hey that ’ s not too bad ” , and since i dont really like any of the other candidates , she ’ s my top choice now .
thing is she is already more successful then the majority of boomers .
i come here for my daily dose of stupidity . please tell my the name of any american president that has n't killed anyone . anyone ?
because that is the format ... not really a 'debate ' but mini press conferences with prepared material , one liners , gotcha 's ...
& gt ; remember , hate him all you want , but this is the guy that talked trump out of air strikes on iran last week . who did ? i did n't realize someone was credited for that
no , i would be happy for so many people and then say some curses to my luck and move on .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
another impressive argument . well done
no , it 's all terrible
well you do n't know any of that , at all . it 's either talk it out or war . i do n't want more war personally , neither does trump . do you ?
is conservativereview seriously whitelisted ?
conservatives who were disgusted by the rotten fruit borne of their tea party misadventure do n't get to come knocking at our door demanding that we cater to them . that 's just not how it works , sorry .
really dude ? reported ? okay . you do you . i know more than you about this . this hasn ’ t gotten traction because it ’ s not a thing . get used to it .
handbags do get you ambassadorships though ! trump picks maralago member/handbag designer for ambassador to south africa
this is all bullshit . washington examiner is not a source .
deleted
as someone who is progressive , i 'll never vote for someone like biden . you ca n't answer a trump presidency and brutally corrupt administration with someone weak like biden . it will be a repeat of 2016 , where the expected win will fail . it 's about spreading risk among all of society , instead of just the minority . plus , taking the profit takers out of healthcare and putting only into healthcare . education is an investment in the people , rather than giving the wealthy more money that will never `` trickle down '' . sanders , warren , harris , or bust .
removed
ok champ
maybe someday after we create a real healthcare system that works , but you should not start out with that as a part of your plan . that 's foolish . i think documented immigration should get healthcare though , just like citizens because they are documented workers and it 's huge reason for undocumented people to work toward getting documented . perhaps states could have an emergency entry program if they want to make exceptions too . but running on undocumented immigrations should get healthcare when so many citizens do n't have good healthcare or any healthcare or rely on medicaid which is constantly at threat to be taken away ... you 're being silly by adding more and more to an already difficult problem , especially since undocumented immigrants ca n't vote . & amp ; # x200b ; this are things that you 'd say after you won the presidency , not running for it !
you mean to tell me that mainstream media supports and glorifies mass killings and wars ? consider me smegaldorfed .
liberals do not understand economics at all . we also can not cut funding for the military because over the past 100 years we have set up shop in almost every country . liberals just live in fairytale land and i can prove that everything they want is unattainable and thus makes them look uneducated .
are ... are you fucking joking ? & gt ; i could n't tell if there was really anything of substance being discussed . a bunch of world leaders standing around in a circle ... and you just think `` nah , they were probs just talking about sports , or the weather '' ivanka has proven she is plenty dumb . you can go to a good school and coast , or blow people to get the grades . that would make her the best cum load . who knows . edit ^ missed joke opportunity . i am ashamed .
they certainly are not progressive , which is why i favor them kamala and pete anyway . hill said it best when she said you have to have private policies and public policies . you have to know how to funnel the new energy from young progressives and mold it into something that donors can jibe with . that 's just being real . kamala got together early on with hrc 's campaign people . assuming everything went well , she 'll be the new hillary . but she has better 'identity ' cred , so she might be a real winner .
hi ` dmob04 ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : offtopic : all submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current us politics . if you have questions as to why your post has been removed , please see here : why was my post removed as offtopic ? if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
as someone watching from europe , you sound so silly when you talk about dehumanising someone to justify throwing a milkshake at them . just a reminder that there are images from america 2019 of children taken from their parents and left to sleep on the floor in crowded rooms at large camps . there are frequent acts of terrorism being carried out by the right . and the leader of the free world was elected on a platform of calling mexicans evil rapists . make no mistake , if that man in the news had been ‘ dehumanised ’ he would have had to do more than change his shirt . just ask nonwhite immigrants to your country . punching someone , or throwing food at them strikes me as a particularly humane way of dealing with the extreme right whose ideology calls for genocide don ’ t forget . nazi comparisons are often in bad taste , but we care about history for a reason so we don ’ t repeat our mistakes . at this point in hitler ’ s dictatorship , it looked an awful lot like trumps ’ presidency . no jews had been murdered yet . and let ’ s not forget that altrighters refer to themselves as nazis it ’ s not just the left . should we wait until 6m are dead before it ’ s called out ? or should we draw the obvious comparisons and avoid the tragedy we can all feel we ’ re building up to ?
deleted
no , they deserve the hate they get , but do n't you realize how ignorant most of the population is ? they see violence and they 'll eat it up . they 'll say , yep , that 's the left we are fighting against .
you are perpetuating the idea that rape just happens . therefore you unintentionally support it . like i mentioned with tucker . you are giving power to the people that do not mind rape or try and find fault with the victims . nothing just happens , we allow it to happen . i 'm not intellectually dishonest , you 're just intellectually impaired .
working title : i helped rape , pillage , and plunder america and all i got was this lousy governorship .
know your enemy ratm , 1992
i have no idea what youre trying to say
and don ’ t forget the nazi salute .
no .
first time i 've seen a photo of the guy . first impression : yep , that 's a ruskie asset .
you 'll find 40 copies in thrift stores within a month . & amp ; # x200b ; donation receipt barnes and noble .
woah
and steal other people 's designs .
so , open borders with a guest worker program .
now this , is epic .
what 's wrong with judy woodruff ? honestly i am out or the loop as to n this .
removed
is that what we 're all going with ? i like it . but ... who are we supposed to yell at at comicon then ?
it should n't even come down to `` muh rational self interest . '' we live in a society . we should help people in our nation who are sick or injured . it 's not worthy of praise , it 's a fucking baseline . why is that so hard for these people ? would they prefer to be treated like they treat others ? would they like to be mocked and scolded and threatened if they fell on hard times ? or do they just not think it that far through ?
removed
does it ever feel like someone picked up the goalposts and is sprinting away as fast as their legs will take them ?
you 've got to look at the oranges of the investigation
trump has invited kim to come to the us . that 's going to be a problem . north korea has no air force one . kim travels only by train . air koryo has a total of 16 planes . for the whole country . if he were to make the trip , i would assume some temporary conversion of a military cargo plane would be needed . trump might have to chip in for the gas money .
did they ? do you have a source for that ?
i offered the context he purposefully did n't . the same context your original straw man lacked . he hand waved to head off criticism of trump .
any leader of a country with a military does have to face this dilemma though . but totally different in the case of dprk since it ’ s not war that leads to so much death there
post yours . you made the claim .
& gt ; how the fuck is the democratic front runner spouting a “ states rights ” argument on a debate stage in 2019 ? & gt ; & gt ; is this how far we ’ ve sunk in the name of not being “ divisive ” , that we ’ re willing to brush off a candidate on the same stage as bernie sanders essentially arguing for separate but equal ? sanders did n't believe in fed regulated busing either .
why did steele pay active kremlin agents ? makes no sense
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's still kind of awful he 's trying to balance his ties to trump and probably his influence on trump with his dislike for n.korea . he wo n't say `` trump is awful for speaking of kim approvingly '' so he has to create selfcontradictory jibberjabber like below : & gt ; `` i do think that 's how the president sees it , '' carlson said . `` he 's far less sentimental about this stuff . '' & gt ; the star of `` tucker carlson tonight '' said he believed trump genuinely likes kim and sees him as a `` competent , scrappy guy , '' though `` he 's not an admirer of the atrocities he 's committed , obviously . '' & gt ; `` it takes a pretty hard man to keep a hold on power in a place like north korea , so i think trump respects his toughness '' let 's try this : '' sure , one might not approve of all the atrocities hitler committed , but trump genuinely likes him , and seems him as a competent , scrappy guy , though he 's not an admirer of the atrocities he 's committed , obviously . ``
i feel like we do n't live in that reality anymore .
removed
lmao was n't expecting that
as i understand it no acts of violence have occurred yet . will you speak out against antifa ? their extremism is eerily similar , and they have engaged in acts of violence , and many many murder threats .
they gave bin laden and al qaeda a safe haven while they knew what they was doing . if you knowingly let a group of people plan a bank robbery in your kitchen , you bare responsibility for that bank robbery .
that 's where the want it to be . sell it for a dollar as propaganda for trumps base .
because the left journalists are a holes
it ’ s like 3 seconds of video . this whole thing seems like it belongs in entertainment news vs actual news .
deleted
kiddie kocentration kamps . totes different .
& gt ; and that interview he had of carlson on the howard stern show , talking about how he 's an elitist whose job it is to placate the plebs ? is that still up anywhere ? i did n't find it in a search .
guys , i ’ m new to this game , how can i decrease world tension ? i should ’ ve just stopped after i attacked ukraine , but then i accidentally started political coup in the united states !
bernie repeated the same stump speech he has been giving for 4 years no matter what the question .
that 's the sequel/self help book .
the `` left wing media bias '' is a fallacy . the first use of this term was by wallace bc he was upset about the media coverage he was getting trying to keep alabama schools segregated . the right took it and ran . then they used it as a weapon . so cnn etc are so scared of getting called for having liberal bias they give 2 sides to issues that dont have 2 sides . climate change doesnt have two sides . there 's nothing `` liberal '' about cnn unless you count the times they report reality as having a liberal bias .
it ’ s a far better career than being a college educated bar tender .
it 's certainly one of mine
wish whatever you like . my wishes , your wishes , all irrelevant .
i do n't see how . katrina was a big deal because it revealed that bush had packed high offices with unqualified cronies . the tax cut blew up the deficit and then the economy . the da purge was naked partisanship and likely criminal . he wagged the dog in iraq . he ignored all of the warnings and tore apart critical infrastructure prior to 9/11 . he embarrassed us overseas . he embarrassed us at home . he lied all the time . he could n't even pull off a photo op without making an ass of himself . on and on and on . he was a ridiculous fuckup , his administration was a cesspool of grifters and more fuckups , and he was reelected by a huge margin . we have been warned .
really ... cant play with the real world leaders so we will take the heat off by playing with the dictators .
i was wondering the same thing . mods ?
oily sucker
removed
because when i think of people who were on the wrong side of civil rights battles . i think bernie sanders . /s
sad part is he probably listens to tucker carlson 's advice before john bolton 's
she 's ambitious to spread love
explain the issue : when you show up to hospital emergency room , they have to treat you . all the dems are trying to do is make sure they pay their fair share .
stay classy tucker , stay classy
deleted
i think he was correct regardless of political opinion . trump isnt a politician and has made a point of that . he is a terrible businessman who has zero political insight or ability . both clintons are life long career politicians with absolutely tons of political experience .
that your argument is n't valid . governments being monopolies on violence has nothing to do with nk killing its own citizens .
no ! she ca n't ! she is brown !
removed
imagine actually watching fox for news . poor souls .
removed
you guys will really defend anything wo n't you ? imagine being so entrenched in a political party that you 'll defend a north korean dictator .
the resemblance is striking , no ? he should be proud of his blobfish heritage .
i do not think anyone would care there is nothing trump can say to get me to vote for him instead of debates i would prefer the democratic nominee just do townhalls .
she had her face done .
i don ’ t even know where to start with this . “ yellow journalism ” was coined in the fucking 1890s . by any “ capitalist ” measure , matt is successful since he is able to do this podcasting thing for a living . you ’ re the one spitting naive takes for free . america is responsible for bad shit , but there are plenty others that should be criticized as well and are . america doesn ’ t have to “ save the whole world ” as much as it should actually participate with the countries that currently take climate change seriously . once again , a completely idiotic selfvictimizing garbage take . i ’ m curious what you qualify as the competition to be the “ most woke. ” as in , what qualities do these people compete on in order to receive such an illustrious prize .
to be fair , bolton in nk would probably actively start a war , carlson is just a dice roll
if you 've been reading my posts then you would know my answer . i think they should make the loans dischargable in bankruptcy and stop flooding the market with free money . that 's the only real solution .
removed
cool , so if i buy stolen property without knowledge of it being stolen i 'll just tell the cops and the original owner `` nah tough luck , i already bought it , it 's between you an the thief , nothing to do with me '' . edit : actually he even had knowledge it was stolen , he just did n't collude to do it . and yes , this is politics , no law was broken , but the seat was still stolen , there was abuse of process to gain something that would have gone to someone else .
working for fox 'news '' means being a moron
i mean who are they to think they can have access ?
yeah , you deflect a lot .
removed
liar 's paradox : sanders states that trump lies .
ivanka trumps resume :
what publisher is going to throw away their money on that garbage ?
he 's also trying to get viewers to accept a cooperation with n korea
`` colloquially , the word despot applies pejoratively to those who use their power and authority to oppress their populace , subjects , or subordinates . '' ... the 'right ' wing of politics everywhere now a days
i think it 's a racist question with or without context . hating an entire race of people is the most clear and obvious form of racism . implying that a person should be racist is also obviously racist . sorry if my sarcasm was n't clear .
i see no cringe . just looks like people standing in a circle talking to each other . like it ’ s clear as day to everybody else but it ’ s all about body language . to me they ’ re just standing there . for real , should i get tested for autism ?
that article backs up what the other guy was saying . & gt ; under the sanders proposal , trades would be taxed at a rate of 0.5 percent for stocks and 0.1 percent for bonds . a stock trade of $ 1,000 would thus incur a cost of $ 5 .
honestly i think any of them other than sanders could probably just get into an insult match and win . it 's easy to call him an ignoramus . just do it without regard for any decorum .
tucker did . then he absolutely destroyed john bolton for being a warhawk .
clownhall.com
here in eastern washington it ’ s not at all uncommon to meet a nazi .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i did not say it was not bad tucker carlson also so that they are not worth defending his and my point are that trying to paint oursleves as innocent is hypocritical . americans slaughtered innocent people also . why do n't you listen to what he actually says . it is all bad .
obviously there are ignoramus 's who would never vote for someone specifically because they are a woman , but it 's disingenuous as hell to say that 's why everyone supports the candidate they currently support . i have been an avid sanders supporter since 5 years before harris announced her candidacy because of his progressive policy positions . bonus points to you for calling this trans woman `` not a woman '' & amp ; # x200b ; edit : & amp ; # x200b ; and if i 'm being real with you , do you expect me to support kamala after she fought to deny trans prisoners sexual reassignment surgery ? “ i don ’ t think it ’ s a good use of taxpayer dollars , ” was her statement in 2012 , and she convienently did a complete 360 around the time she announced her run for presidency and now thinks it 's a great idea . & amp ; # x200b ;
yes . it ’ s the only way he ’ s gon na win .
& gt ; i only wonder how long it is before they start being open about getting rid of natural born american citizens they do n't like . the whole `` obama was born in kenya '' thing . there 's a huge overlap between `` we only hate illegals '' , `` deport 'em without court hearings '' and `` obama was born in kenya '' . all 3 things together = deport anyone you do n't like . each one of their talking points by itself does n't sound nearly as bad as all of that combined . they 're illegal , well fair enough , they did break the law . deport them without court hearings , that 's a real bad one , but in case the meaning of this sentiment is lost on you , there 's obama born in kenya thing .
was this an opinion piece ?
it would be a suicide mission
where can i find a list of companies who buy ad space during fox news so i can send them this clip of their money being used to endorse dictators murdering their citizens ?
deleted
lmao ask any trump supporter on here if they watch fox and they deny it . fox news president chumps .
well then im not going to houston any time soon
no , it is n't , and it is n't just because you say it is . i was referring to this comment ; & gt ; the faux outrage here is so nakedly manipulative and disingenuous . media matters and their ilk are trying everything they can to knock this guy off the air . it ’ s cynical and completely dishonest , and thankfully i think most people can see through it . i then said `` why is it ridiculous to believe anyone would be outraged about comments like this ? '' saying you need to kill people to be an effective leader sounds like the kind of thing that would genuinely rile people up . which is why i said it does n't make any sense that they believe this is fake outrage . completely different to what you said . i mean ... a whole other side of the book different , how on earth did you take away your interpretation ?
because she is claiming to be african american . she is indian and jamaican . she is a liar .
deleted
ivanka has no reason to be there , but let 's focus on how these people are elistist ! meanwhile ... ivanka is daughter of trump , a ... world ... leader i just barfed in my mouth and has n't worked a day in her life . she is the same class . this is just the reality . some are fucking incompetent idiots . and let 's not go all antiestablishment here . those people are in power for a reason people voted and support them . they won the majority in their countries . most of them are taking steps towards making the world a better place , not just their own countries .
what ? he 's got people angry with him from both sides . it 's a complicated issue , especially when you are dealing with it at the local level . this attempt to compare him to that statement is insane .
“ release the kids ” ... .. the fact we are even having a conversation where you consider “ releasing the kids ” is a laughable idea is beyond fucked . please explain to me why separating these families , locking children up in concentration camps , and then losing a large number of these children , is something that you seem to consider a justifiable action from the one country in the world that consistently whines about being the greatest and most free country on earth . change my mind so i can also laugh at the idea of releasing immigrant children .
removed
wow .
deleted
sessions and trump instituted a zero tolerance policy and a family separation policy as a deterrent to immigration . which lead to the kidnapping and torture of thousands of children and their families . there is no defending hate and evil .
well , that 's a very cynical and negative take on things . try thinking of wall street as our national main street , usa . no one would decry the local hardware store owner from making donations for a city council member or mayor . kamala is in touch with the business community and that 's not a bad thing . :
no , you just ascribe intent . which is intellectually dishonest . hence , case in point . i enjoy the fact that you just insist on keep provning my point over and over again .
the fact that things got louder makes me think it was stimulants . stims also cause anxiety/panic . some people love them though . regardless , mdma is not in the same class as mushrooms . mdma jacks up your serotonin and dopamine in a very artificial way . it can cause comedowns and even depression for a few days afterwards . mushrooms do the opposite to serotonin . psilocybin occupies the serotonin receptors and acts as a new neurotransmitter . they also don ’ t effect dopamine . in short , mdma is a pleasure drug . mushrooms rewire your brain and have positive effects secondarily by changing your thought patterns .
lol , says the party of the pussy grabbing reality tv imbecile .
those centers were built before trump took office , and people seeking to enter the country can be searched without a warrant . rights and expectations of privacy are very different when crossing the border . & amp ; # x200b ; obama deported more people than any other president , yet the left ignored this and no one talked about children being separated while he was in office . that is why border crossing decreased under obama . democrats and republicans in congress supported it under obama , but the left changed their mind and the democrats and the courts started opposing what they originally supported once trump took office . & amp ; # x200b ; but trump did get nancy pelosi to cave on funding the border by threatening to do mass deportations if she did n't . that was beautiful to watch . & amp ; # x200b ; he should still do the deportations anyways .
deleted
deleted
approximately 50 % of the country probably supports this . the majority of counties in oregon are republican . idaho does n't give 2 shits what gov brown has to say . & amp ; # x200b ; y'all get yourselves in a tizzy over me asking how much your damned gas costs . please reevaluate your priorities . please acknowledge that not everyone is into your flavor of groupthink . & amp ; # x200b ; calling everyone a terrorist will work just like how everyone calls everyone they disagree with a nazi/racist/etc . you are n't proving your case as you are appealing to emotion by labeling people with a term of negative connotation . & amp ; # x200b ; have a wonderful day my good sir .
i expect a week before the election , kim will announce a unilateral end to his nuclear program . he wo n't actually do anything , of course , but he 'll announce it because it 'll puff up the trump base , and trump being in power is to nk 's benefit . by the time people see it was all a show , the election will be finished .
removed
i honestly kinda feel bad for her , i mean everyone knows her dad wants to fuck her that ’ s already bad enough .
... they can keep both of them .
thank you . so many people are missing the bigger picture . $ $ $
he said the last election was completely rigged , he seemed really upset about it but then just stopped talking about it and never brought it up again for some reason
takes one to no one ?
jessie jackson is a shill
removed
look over there !
that is not what i 've heard repeatedly . i 'm not sure what your source is . here is a source supporting my position : of course , do n't let the fact that i 'm right keep you from downvoting me lol ...
deleted
deleted
removed
as long as he or anyone that hates immigrants/people of color/nonchristians they would be fine having them as president ... .. '' honestly '' .
all electronic voting machines and systems can easily be hacked . this is n't a bug , but a feature . their source code is proprietary and not available for public review . the gold standard for free and fair elections is and always paper ballots , hand counted .
removed
i have always believed that `` the right to `` life '' liberty and ... .. '' indicated that in order to have a right to life , you must first have health care . funny how it 's the same `` right '' that antiabortionists use .
jb pritzker got a sex change and is going back to school ? i just knew there had to be deeper motives ...
if it is n't titled `` look '' and consisting of nothing but blank pages , i 'll be disappointed .
is trump racist ?
cool , as long as it is n't socialized medicine , we 're good .
oof
must be an exciting time to be a racist la migra pig . finally they can treat human beings like shit with no consequences at all .
honor system with china ?
heres tucker v bolton :
book title : “ alright , look . ”
sarah ’ s big book of lies
chill with the white knighting , billy joe . even trump level trash would n't want anything to do with your brand of trailer park .
deleted
bro , all of your screeching is hurting my ears .
you obviously did n't read either article . & gt ; '' recent data suggests that in 2010 well over 4,000 us citizens were detained or deported as aliens , raising the total since 2003 to more than 20,000 , a figure that may strike some as so high as to lack credibility , '' stevens wrote in a 2011 report .
after what happened with the dnc it was clear that clinton was the enemy . and trump is the greatest threat to democratic party alive . we have policy disagreements but trump is the best tool around to ensure that if the dnc riggs the election again and does n't allow bernie to be the nominee that the dnc pick is defeated .
that information should be easy to provide . also , congress need not wait for the courts to act . congress can subpoena this info from dhs and send staff out to investigate where children are being held .
pod save america mentioned that he would n't listen to staff , and `` hated to be managed . '' their support for biden mystifies me their recent interview with him , they were unusually hushed and reverential . during one of their more recent podcasts , they sounded genuinely anguished at his poor performance . i 've never liked biden he 's always come across as a blowhard to me .
because there 's nothing like a bowl of fruit loops to go with your banana republic .
yeah while lying about being bussed . dads a diplomat and moms a dr . but she was segregated . what a liar . she was 20 years ahead . lol .
and he ’ s good with “ be best ” from the firstairhead babbling in broken englovean and wearing pith helmets to africa because she is just that stupid , useless and vile ? maybe she ’ ll vanish for awhile again , returning with another 10 inches of kidney boobs . plus fuck barr the traitorous mobster lawyer with the face that screams “ guilty as charged ” . his opinion is like ted nugent ’ s draft pants .
deleted
great video , i also liked his video on shapiro .
rather than sit it out , over ten percent did , and an overlapping equal amount of obama voters
so she 's going to write a novel . nice .
somebody had to give the blowjobs
nicely worded : did you vote for hillary ?
why is anyone listening to this guy ?
is that what `` people like me '' think ? what else do i think , professor x ?
removed
no one is scared of trump . everyone knows he 's ultimately weak . the guy ca n't even fire people to their faces . he ca n't handle dealing with world leaders so he goes and grovels before dictators . even look at him with iran , playing tough , but iran knows he wo n't do shit .
is the nk government not a government ?
aoc living rent free in that head . this is n't even about her ! ! seriously . focus !
bernie is fond of capitalism as well . no matter what he says .
this would have been a sensible and reasonable thing to say a few years ago . how times have changed .
there have been plenty of mass imprisonments and mass murders which were n't racially motivated , and none of them were magically more moral because of that . jesus christ
so ... when the us government starts killing immigrants in our border concentration camps and the rest of the world invades us , do i join the french foreign legion or the canadian military ?
deleted
can you imagine ? a woman president ? that ’ ll be the day .
& gt ; on it 's face it seems sensible to want guaranteed coverage and the option for people to supplement it . it 's also what most european countries do , because people like it . & gt ; but it would perpetuate a deeply complicated billing and administrative system to have all these private insurers along with medicare for all . you mean take away what people know and are comfortable with and throw them into something in nothing but a sales pitch . sure.. sounds like what the gop tried in 2018 ... & gt ; once people experience it and we get past the rough transition period , it will be deeply popular . like the aca that cost democrats seats in congress from 2010 to 2016 and gave rise to the most toxic political movement ? how about cool your heels before giving the gop a whole bunch of elections on a sliver platter . & gt ; this is one of those cases where democrats should n't chase the polls . because big , important kitchen table issues are kind of things to tell voters `` i know better than you . '' sure . & gt ; when rs see opposition in polls to their plans , they plow ahead with a media campaign to convince people to change their mind . you mean make a decent sales pitch ? sure . i 'd love to see one , but they 're not going to call attention to the fact that they 're running on taking away people 's healthcare that they like .
context matters . biden ~~killed~~ tried to kill bussing . did he do anything to achieve the aim of integration and fairness in schooling ?

florida is won by 1 % of vote . it would be insane to ignore such an important state . amendment 4 has passed . republicans are trying to add hoops to the process but i think it will still play a role . there is also a contingent of puertorican refugees which could boost dem numbers .
mayor pete has been running on this !
they were treated very unfairly .
gaslighting ? lmao . right . meanwhile , people are running around spreading lies about the 2016 primaries . none of that shit happened . that 's none of you can ever provide a source for all of these asinine claims .
removed
prevent ? probably not prevent , as the theatre of war becomes quite murky : don ’ t kill these people and they end up killing your people . but mitigate , yes . more money on health care and education , and take apart corrupt corporate sponsors of war . people are making money off of this and it is disgusting . push this out into the light as the best disinfectant . but to start taking apart a corporatocracy , you have to first have massive campaign reform . first thing is to limit campaign spending . citizens united ruling needs to be overturned , even at a states ’ rights level . make this the campaign issue to run on in 2024 . start now . vote in people who want campaign reform ie warren and sanders . vote for people that are committed to ending money in politics . if we change that , in 20 years we have a whole different generation of people that don ’ t make money off of corrupt practices of death . we diminish the death toll and have more peace .
that 's just zongoloid propaganda . ted cruz has been on planet earth for long enough before humans to claim squatter 's rights .
deleted
she is indian and jamaican . so booker needs to get it right .
i think they 're typically deported . they 're presumably citizens of their own country , so i 'm not sure why they would n't let them in . do you have a point here ?
who in their last presidential primary had a literal dick size competition on national tv .
tell that to queen elizabeth .
can i get a link please ? from what i believe , corporations already have plenty of money and cutting taxes for them does n't generate any positive outcome , although i 'd appreciate a source
personally i think it 's smarter to include them in it , simply because if they 're refused access to initial treatment they 'll end up using more important treatment that someone else may need , i also support universal housing for the same reason .
sounds like justification for increasing the number of immigrant deaths .
removed
aoc is an elected official ...
yea i agree , he ’ s trying to balance his ties . that last bit on what you said sums it up pretty well , and i ’ m one to agree with that too .
strange people don ’ t get it i figured it would be the top comment , such low hanging fruit .
nope . i 'm dead serious .
did ... .did you read the article before calling me wrong ? ? from the article you linked calling me wrong : `` on the one hand , it will raise the cost of investment , '' he said . `` it 's going to be a little bit more costly to get capital to businesses and others who have got useful things they want to do with it , and that 's a cost to the economy . `` on the other hand , to the extent that it discourages unproductive trading ... that 's a good thing for the economy . '' so , i ’ ll accept your apology now .
what are all the deleted posts at the top about ?
funny how you jumped from & gt ; didnt american citizens get droned under obama ? to & gt ; is it legal for you changed your question .
quarantine must be hard for you , eh ?
obama had significantly more migrants show up at the border than trump and he managed to handle them without concentration camps . seems like trump is just incapable of doing the job .
when tucker carleson is the voice of reason we ’ re truly fucked . that guy is a full on far right extremist .
deleted
former us army , here . we know that if we were to engage in conventional warfare with n korea , we would win ... eventually . unfortunately , that would come with an astronomical death toll , primarily in seoul . because of it 's proximity to the dmz less than 100 mi , even the most devastating , alloutsurpriseattack would leave more than a quarter of seoul dead , because n korea has positioned a metric shitton of mobile conventional missile launchers in caves all along the dmz , pointed directly at seoul . the very instant we launch an attack , they mobilize , and rain down a shower of thousands of missiles within seconds , all aimed at seoul . literally millions would die before the first mechanized units cross the dmz . this is why we ca n't attack n korea . they are quite literally holding a city of 20 million people hostage , and there is n't anything we can do to stop it if they were to attack . tl ; dr if it were that easy , we 'd have done it already .
neither one deserves to be there . it ’ s embarrassing to our country how lowrent and uninformed our diplomacy is under trump . definitely something historians are going to be looking at for a while ...
no , vote to make the administration that does the most damage out of power so that future admins know what voters want . do n't just say you give up so you are n't going to stop them .
da fuck ?
wapo is way behind dan bongino in figuring this out . i suspect they have know the truth of spygate for some time now , but they are covering for obama and cabal . the fact that they are leaking this now , suggests an attempt to get ahead of the earth shaking story to ease the sheeple into understanding on wapo terms . a coup against a duly elected potus . what are the penalties for such misdeeds ? is it treason ? interesting to see it all unfold .
trump got bored with his balls being tickled by the moustache .
& gt ; had the media focused on substantive issues ... color me skeptical . this country is filled with people who do n't vote based on the issues . that much is apparent from the number of bernie supporters who say that if it came down to warren versus trump , they 'd vote for trump .
kavanaugh has been a judge for years , and other than a few disagreeable dissenting opinions , he ’ s been pretty balanced as a judge .
have n't heard from this guy since his son went to jail for corruption .
removed
removed
just know the context of the full quote from letter from the birmingham jail , he was specifically talking about white religious leaders keep turning a blind eye to injustice . i know some people might be testy when you use mlk 's quotes twisted for political campaign purposes .
i really hope you 're trolling and not genuinely this stupid . all governments commit violence =/= all governments exert control over their people by killing them when needed like nk or soviet russia did . anyway you have no argument left so i 'm done .
r/satisfingy
ouch ! if these guys gave a fuck that would hurt . too bad they couldn ’ t give a fuck less and are just trying to make a fucking buck off human suffering ...
michael bennett got fired up because he wrote comprehensive , modern , bipartisan border security policy , and then the president cried about a wall and started locking kids up in cages .
so you 're saying that because he was never qualified for the job in the first place he should be held to a lower standard ? nope . if he was never qualified , he should n't have been given the job .
okay cool , let ’ s do it ! i ’ ve already repaid mine but i won ’ t even be mad , i understand people could really use this break
& gt ; , i 'm not so sure g20 representatives suffer from the explicit qualification constraints you seem to believe apply in this . the g20 representatives are literally the leaders of 20 countries . ivanka trump does not represent the us here president trump does . he is the president . that is the fucking point of these meetings for heads of state to talk the french presidential palace released this video meaning macron released this video . the french president just trolled ivanka trump . not sure how clearer it could be my friend . .
& gt ; but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with , ” he continued . & gt ; & gt ; wtf does this even mean ? ? ? the us imprisons a higher percentage than any other country in the world , by far with the possible exception of n. korea best estimates have them tied . this is a shared atrocity . although north korea kills/lets die a horrific number of those people , while the us only kills many . the us can win the death count however , once we look at their actions overseas and the millions they 've killed and continue to kill in unprovoked wars over the last half century or so and surely beyond . you hear the same excuses for america 's death count when you bring this stuff up . got ta break a few eggs to run an empire and nobody 's perfect ! , and other assorted monstrous bullshit .
yeah , but they actually have to do that ... we wait while they dither and people die .
political business . ha ! funny . what was ivanka 's political business at g20 ? a political business thingy . exactly . glad you get it .
only if the leader shares his political party , though .
says the man who thinks transgender women can have an abortion . lol
what conservatives are you interviewing
i get this was an awkward video . but come on .
zongoloids are a proud race of xanthoglobulans ! how dare you ! ted cruz before humans is fake news !
they were n't building nukes with obama , everyone checked , but they should be building them now right now .
if they were smart just have some spy glasses on .
a modest proposal was satire , and done very well . rather was just leftist drumbeating sold as news .
it 's standard republican fare that we have come to expect . they do n't respect anybody in the service industry .
i 'd just tell those people that if they are capable of voting for trump they were never really democrats at all and if they can live with themselves for doing so , they should just do that . i 'm done being scared of losing those folks . i will not be held hostage by these old fucks and their blackmail because that 's really what they 're doing to us . they might well win again , and if they do , then the younger generations will pay the price as we already are paying the price , but i will not be held hostage to them in my own spaces for thinking , speaking , and acting , including my political party .
the problem is trump never actually addressed any issues . he just said a bunch of feel good stuff that was meaningless . & amp ; # x200b ; just as an example : trump claimed he could save coal jobs . hillary admitted it was n't going to happen and was trying to talk about how to move forward , but they did n't want to hear it , especially not with trump talking about all the `` good clean coal '' that he was gon na push . & amp ; # x200b ; another one of the hot button issues : trump claimed he was gon na fix immigration ... well guess what , despite what fox news tells you , obama was n't doing as bad of a job as you think , especially compared with the dumpster fire trump has created . obama deported more people on a daytoday basis than trump could ever dream of , because he kept the system moving . trump has deliberately stalled it all , so that it just keeps getting worse , for no reason other than to see people suffer .
removed
a lot of them seem to wear motorcycle gloves which would break skin even with a limp arm punch . essentially brass knuckles sewn into gloves for when people fall off their bikes .
it seems to you that if obama did something , then the left should not be allowed to criticize it , but this is only because you are projecting your grovelling , bootlicking tendencies on to others .
related ; national lampoon 's vacation : cousin vicki : french kiss : `` i 'm the best at it . ''
i 'm surprised i had to scroll so far down for this canned stupidity . are you so ignorant that you do n't understand why that would be meaningless , or just willfully obtuse ?
removed
good . ivanka does n't deserve to be there , period . she deserves be ignored . do you see any of the other world leader 's kids there ? no .
i 'll be voting in the primary , if my vote still matters i live in nj and our primaries are not until june . i thought that 2016 would be wrapped up by nj , but it was n't so maybe 2020 will still count . i do n't think that some of the younger candidates have that much of a chance pete may be on the ticket or in the cabinet but they bring 'young ' issues to the table unless you 're like joe and flat out dismiss his own 1987 speech i know 3 people who are definitely on team biden . they 're either turning 70 this year or over 70 . most others are undecided including myself but i 've interviewed with one candidate .
the cruelty is the point
removed
that was funny as fuck
they ’ ll sell the kids through “ christian adoption agencies ”
& gt ; the oligarchs lost the republicans to trump so now they are investing in “ centrist dems ” this is what i have been saying but it really confounds me how someone could conclude from it we need to fight the centrists and the 'oligarchs ' . they are the ones we need to get behind because they are fighting trump and want to put things back the way they were . i think can all agree that bush/clinton centrism is much better than what we 're moving toward now with trump .
funny thing here is that ivanka is standing there with world leaders . doesn ’ t matter how she got there . she ’ s there and you ’ re sitting on the couch of your shitty rented apartment counting down the hours until tomorrow when you return to your wage slave job you hate .
i remember when they tried this at kent state . it did n't work out so well .
is this reality anymore ?
deleted
deleted
deleted
a concerned american .
the civil war was indeed very destructive and innocents were hurt . but slavery was an issue worthy of that sort of radical move . i would disagree that most issues of today are worth that sort of move especially when there are other paths to positive change . the problem is , some people see revolution as antidote to every issue . those are the ones who are too lazy , impatient or stupid to work for real change .
all you got ta do is read through this to know how delusional they are .
ca n't help but notice you glossed over the fact that people can opt out . here 's some stats too from 30 banks studied : roughly 1/3 of banks do n't have mandatory arbitration clauses ... including bofa and capital one half of arbitration clauses allow an opt out within a month or two . that means only a third of studied banks have mandatory arbitration with no opt out . all but two banks all individual claims in small claims court instead of mandatory arbitration .
deleted
finally . the headline i 've been waiting for .
exactly . do 5 in 9 americans understand that they pay not just for illegals but for poor and uninsured hospital patients with their healthcare costs ? hospitals are required to stabilize people regardless of ability to pay . where do you think the cost of doing so goes if said patient is incapable of paying them back ?
they 're taking children away from their families , with no intention to unite them , putting them in camps where they 're not even given clothing , toothpaste , or soap . some of them are getting molested , some of them are dying , and they are n't getting medical care , legal representation , asylum hearings , or basic fucking human decency .
it means we 're friends with the saudi 's , so why not be friends with north korea !
haha that should really be a sub . i nominate you to open and moderate . lol 😉
i like how the photo they chose makes him look as wacky as possible
she probably couldn ’ t believe her ears .
deleted
does that dumb ass think she should have went ? ivanka is an educated women . not like the aoc trash .
i ’ ve read somewhere on here that it would do the exact opposite . it ’ s free in the sense that the government would be paying for it . it would cause an increase in the amount of patient because more people will be provided healthcare
i fucked someone over ? news to me . paid off $ 40k or so of loans in under eight years with a degree in accounting . got my cpa by working and studying hard . yet you claim i ducked someone over ?
2008 was the economic chloroform hangover .
deleted
an article about it is the top post in news , so it 's hardly being ignored .
“ whoever created humanity left in a major flaw . it was its tendency to bend at the knees. ” terry pratchett
i was just thinking about this the other day ... solids behave like fluids , too , given the right temperature , pressure , and time . we only consider them solid because we lack the perspective and/or ability to generate the forces necessary .
one would think that the christians in trump 's base would say something . crickets . that says everything i need to know about their actual commitment to god . burn in hell ...
what the actual fudge ...
i see the moscow shift has arrived .
& gt ; they declared their independence from great britain so declaring independence from a colonial power is the same as subjugating a sovereign nation ? & gt ; are you that clueless and unresourceful you can ’ t educate yourself before commenting ? you 're talking about the single stupidest comment i 've seen all year . do you really think we can integrate a nation that has absolutely zero intentions of becoming part of the us ? & gt ; a sovereign nation can apply to become a state . mexico would never ever do this . & gt ; and mexico citizens are willingly and both legally and illegally submitting to the “ tyrannical and imperialist us ” so ... .. as a mexican citizen , i can tell you that you could n't possibly be any more fucking wrong . it 's astounding the levels of stupidity you can find on reddit . & gt ; why wouldn ’ t they consider it if they cared about their citizens and could make the communist socialist happy . wow , you 're hilariously incompetent with basic concepts such as nations , history , asymilation , international law , the opinions of the mexican people , and imperialism .
but that 's also my point , that you do n't actually know that there 's `` no chance '' until you actually try ¯\_ ツ _/¯
what context exactly are you saying tucker lacked ? is the fact that north koreas government is worse than denmarks not implicitly understood
you mean , any one in the state loves state violence . obama was drone striking americans without a trial .
so transparent anybody can see they 're criminals .
please be the onion please be the onion please be the onion
& gt ; you 're not really going against the narrative the downvotes say otherwise .
i 'm so down , if only i wernt on my phone 😭 edit : i 'm too much of a scrub apparently , it 's up to you valkyrie !
ted cruz came in on the asteroid that nuked those big lizards . it was present inside of the rock and the crash freed it . it has every right according to the martian treaty of iii . i do n't like it as much as any mole person , but if you want to get rid of ted cruz you have to call the zobo exterminators to fumigate the place and have you seen the square footage ? there is n't enough gold on this planet to pay for that . not yet .
payroll taxes are shown on your pay stub each pay period : that 's not really `` hiding '' it . and the one on employees has an exemption for some income based on household size . other options he listed for raising revenue are more progressive , but even the payroll tax one is n't as regressive as the status quo actually , since it 's not capped , it 's slightly progressive . as for negatively impacting middleclass workers ... & gt ; & gt ; citizens for tax justice found that middle class families would see their aftertax income go up by about $ 3,240 a year under medicare for all . another study found that middle class families would spend about 14 percent less of their income on health care than they do today .
removed
there 's nothing antisemitic about opposing grotesque nepotism , that 's absurd to suggest
he did n't fly on air force 1 ? & amp ; # x200b ; & amp ; # x200b ; which would mean we still paid for it .
& gt ; trump will maul her in a debate literally ? because he does that to women a lot .
that 's not how revenue works and you know it .
right ? some people .
removed
i thought you were talking about aoc at first , i was going to say you guys need more of her lol .
the republican nominee is a traitorous , exreality star whose bankrupted how many businesses ? meanwhile the top three democratic candidates are two senators and a long time senator who was also vice president , the clown is all in one party .
removed
trevor noah is far too busy making tortured jokes about millennials and saying `` to be fair '' to comment on this stuff in any insightful way .
frankly anyone who says that is exaggerating beyond any reasonable means . does she coddle the military a bit more than i would personally like ? yeah , but in no way is she a warhawk . she doesn ’ t advocate for interventions all over the world . she has rejected interventions and called out the corruption of the big defense contractors , etc . i say coddled because she did approve increased budgets and such . in general , foreign policy / military is a mixed bag , but warhawk ? not even close . the thing i like about warren is she ’ s always listening . she doesn ’ t dismiss the left . she listens to us . she changes , and actually changes , as she learns .
christians ... to quote sorta from one of my favorite movies , `` ... i do n't think that word means what you think it means . '' least ways , not any more
trump supporters defending the north korean government . why am i not surprised ?
yup . tons of people were skeptical about pritzker , but he seems determined to prove himself ... .
& gt ; kushner knew of a “ backdoor overture , ” as one campaign aide put it , by alexander torshin , the deputy governor of the russian central bank with reputed links to russian organized crime , to set up a meeting between russian president vladimir putin and trump . kushner later noted he had rebuffed the effort , but torshin still managed to meet with trump jr. during the national rifle association ’ s 2016 annual meeting in louisville , kentucky . and now that trump is potus those private meetings with putin , with no notes and no witnesses , are okay ? btw , i changed my voter registration so i can vote in the republican primary , so i can vote against trump twice . it was easy ,
$ 750 per person per day in federal detention . emergency room visits that are essentially already covered by the government , because they 're never gon na track them down after they leave the hospital . at the end of the day , it 's going to save money , keep ers from clogging up , and help prevent large scale health issues .
removed
ivanka 's job at the g20 is to be daddy 's minder and if he shits himself to get him out of there before someone gets a video of it .
simply due to the logistics involved , no . there 's less than a hundred thousand ice agents in the country , and millions of undocumented people . they simply do not have the manpower to detain and deport every single one . not without some serious collateral damage .
you think trump respects human rights ?
cough russia cough
said it before , and i 'll say it again ; osama bin laden is laughing his ass off at what we 've become . he could n't have done a more thorough job of destroying this country if he 'd tried .
i ’ m saying only one side has a history of implementing a plan to pervert the legitimacy of the court . liberal fantasies of packing the court are completely new . remember that obama ’ s pick , merrick garland , was a middle of the road choice who was seen as a fair minded judge who was acceptable to republicans and democrats . right wing senator orrin hatch praised garland right up to the point obama picked him . mcconnell and the republicans didn ’ t want a fair judge . they wanted a christian ideologue who was vetted by the federalist society and they got one . democrats have never done anything remotely like this . democratic judges vote unreliably for left wing causes . republican judges are far more predictable in favoring policies that entrench right wing goals .
better question is how their families face them ? these people have proven they have no shame . they ’ ll suck whatever dick they need to to expand their message and make more money . but how on earth could you be married to someone who gleefully and knowingly lies with a straight face ? they ’ re not entertainers , they ’ re propagandists . my only guess is their families are just as vile as they are .
hahaha yeah branding terrible ideas as empowerment is the key to brainwashing anyone it seems .
have there been reports of children shot at these camps ? edit : novelist and holocaust survivor .
that dude did n't post the links , i did , and in addition to obviously not reading either article , you clearly do n't know the definition of error . some synonyms are wrong , incorrect , inappropriate , maybe that will help .
don ’ t forget the gay couple both citizens who had a child and they ’ re claiming it ’ s not a citizen anymore . it ’ s already happening
literally only in headlines for shit talking . like has she done anything with here job
what 's sad is that trump is probably proud of himself for finally having one .
i believe it , why do n't you ?
i don ’ t support violence but i definitely have a hard time getting upset at antifa for punching fascists .
on one hand bolton is a warhawk and wants war with iran and korea . on the other hand carlson is now defending the north korean regime . this sucks no matter which person he took
maybe 10 % of the 1 percenters . i know i 'm being generous . & amp ; # x200b ; & amp ; # x200b ; edit : that would be about 375,000 people and i concede that my previous assertion may have been to generous , way to generous .
and obama 's name should show up on every thread about warmbier . he was in prison for a year during obama 's administration , and 6 months of trump 's . trump negotiated and got him home without starting a war . obama did jack shit . these people who actively want a war with nk and russia but are also antimilitary just baffle me .
i ’ m 24 and politically active . i followed obama ’ s campaign but the moment we ’ re talking about didn ’ t exactly rock my middle school world . equating that to nixon ’ s bullshit is somewhat disingenuous .
removed
read the link dumbdumb .
removed
but muslims are threatening to bring shaira law to our small towns ! ! 1 !
okay who gave you the secret plans ?
removed
he 's destroying his campaign every time he opens his goddamn stupid mouth . i love it .
missing the point for an attempt at a quick jab is not a good sign you ’ re willing to have an actual discussion . have a good day .
you have to believe republicans are compromised they ’ re scared all those stolen emails might expose them & amp ; there are just too many dirty secrets
“ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world , ” mr carlson said during the phone interview on fox news . “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending. ” reading comprehension isn ’ t a strength of this sub .
speak it into existence .
they are currently at point a . united states . they come from guatemala , point b . that is 1,656 miles . and they have no money and no transportation and mexico is not going to let them back in , so , now for the 3rd or 4th time : if someone wants to leave how do they get from point a to point b .
we have an idiot running the country hiring his idiot children to help him , this is what we 've come to .
yeah . by denying it , they show that they know it was wrong . when someone does n't know they did wrong , they are open and honest about it .
& gt ; beyond issues of race , top democratic contenders also echo jackson ’ s support for a governmentrun singlepayer health system and passage of the equal rights amendment . in many ways dismissed or forgotten over the decades , the jackson campaigns have reemerged as an ideal for many activists on the far left in the trump era . & gt ; “ in some significant ways , the jackson campaign was an answer to the question of what an alternative strategy for the party , one rooted in people rather than money , might have looked like , ” ryan grim , the progressive journalist and washington bureau chief for the intercept , wrote in his new book , “ we ’ ve got people : from jesse jackson to alexandria ocasiocortez , the end of big money and the rise of a movement. ” drawing parallels between the jackson campaign and the current debates in the democratic party today , grim wrote : “ it was one that excited democratic voters , but had them wondering if jackson was truly as ‘ electable ’ as the safe michael dukakis . ”
... with an anti aircraft gun .
agreed . he will prepare for the next debate . like the other poster was saying , the same thing happened during the first debate with cruz , and then beto hammered him on the second one . so i trust that he will improve . i honestly just think that he did n't think that castro would go after him like that . they used to be pretty good friends .
and will the trump administration appeal ? will they request a stay while they appeal ? no one seems truly willing to stand up to them .
wait , that got deleted ? why ?
do n't forget whatever portion of the $ 750 per person per day in the camps , not that they 're actually getting any medical care , but i 'm sure they 're paying medical staff .
you said rockets . they did in fact fire off rockets . and i do n't hope it fails . i , and many other people , hope it succeeds against the odds . but the reality is that trump has shown a complete inability to actual follow through on anything complex . there 's a difference between hoping something fails and not trusting it to succeed . the former is malice . the latter is a lack of faith .
funny how in your previous comments you say you are a “ long time trump supporter ” and a number of your posts have been quarantined . edit : also “ you ’ re as liberal as they come ” which is it ?
^ the president of the united states
& gt ; liberals absolutely think no one but the state should be violent . okay . but what about those further to the left ?
i was there . watched antifa stop and hold up traffic for no reason at all , scream at fellow portland citizens , split open an old man 's head as 20 or more surrounded him , jumped on him and pepper sprayed him and beat him with batons and even watched some antifa scream at each other . they also beat the two people that tried to help get him away to safety . also spoke with one about nazis and fascism and shocker , dude could barely put together coherent sentences in a meaningful way stating his position ... . but apparently there are some youtube videos he really wanted me to watch . petulant children be gone .
you 're point is not being proven , you are perpetuating ideas and then claiming not to support them . this is intellectual dishonesty . you support what you claim not to . how embarrassing . i just ca n't even comprehend how ridiculous this is . i literally broke down how your logic is wrong and how your position is wrong , even got you to admit that you supported rape and pointed out how you unintentionally supported it but you embraced it which means you actually do support it and you 're somehow still trying to come out like you were n't in the wrong . after ... getting you to admit you supported rape ... woah . again , how embarrassing .
just wait after this election cycle i will be surprised if right wing candidates in foreign elections do n't pick up on this argument . its such an easy outrage point for ignorant boomers who do n't understand why someone would promote this .
trump 's probably trying to ease relations with kju first . probably not the best to force negotiations with a dictator that does n't like you that much . bernie 's rawdog approach would n't get far with kju
i can name quite a few who have n't killed and tortured their own on citizens on a daily basis . like all of them .
good . and shame on the administration from blocking doctors from treating the detainees . i believe that falls under cruel and unusual punishment to withhold medical care .
of course it is n't optimal & amp ; # x200b ; no student should be on a bus for an hour each way & amp ; # x200b ; i do n't see anything controversial in saying that
does r/politics really want john bolton in nk to assist with negotiations ?
removed
what are the chances that the active service members , and veterans , who voted for trump wo n't do so again in 2020 ?
should emergency rooms check for citizenship status before they treat people ?
deleted
removed
& gt ; nice to go straight to personal attacks because you do n't have any point to make . your b was die . so you 're obviously not taking this seriously so why should i treat you as of you were .
agree . that phrase punched me in the belly when i read it . warren , sanders , harris , buttigieg , booker ... . even biden gag anybody but twittler .
that 's why we are n't there and she should n't be either .
removed
oh , i 'm not giving him credit for more than opening direct conversations . i just think direct negotiations are a big deal , especially when nukes are on the table .
why is america going to hell in a handbasket ? it is scaring the shit out of me .
deleted
deleted
& gt ; no they don ’ t , who where when ? so , they did . you read the article and found our who , where , and when . now you are saying that it does n't count because you like ad hominem ? go away , you 're drunk .
dense and too lazy to look it up himself ?
thanks for the explanation , but i am actually a computer scientist working on an nsffunded project that is very much related to the internet which i am not at liberty to discuss until publication . my issue here is that i do not believe `` a series of tubes '' is an fitting analogy .
an investment ? think you need to look up the definition of investment . are you going to force every student to pick a major that offers them the brightest employment prospects or force them to work a minimum numbers of years at a certain wage so society can get a return on its `` investment '' ?
it was an abomination , adding legitimacy to a murderer and deranged dictator .
apparently not off topic if posted 7 hours later from a different source .
what about illegals getting free healthcare ? i think hard working americans must foot the bill for these poor asylum victims and pay for 100 % of their care .
hell yes he cares . without election tampering he has no chance .
so why are you upset ?
yaarp
so let me ask you , do rapes happen or do rapes not happen ?
so the neo nazi who murdered someone is not a neo nazi ? i 'm confused .
hell no , he did that shit because he 's still donald trump .
i 'd willing to consider it whataboutism when someone tries to change the subject by bringing up an unrelated thing for comparison , but comparing how often violence occurs between two groups is n't the same as that and fits logically in the conversation . bringing up trump 's personal scandals when the subject is political violence would be a common sense example of a whataboutism . people cry `` whataboutism '' around here like crying wolf and it 's cheapened the value of the word . i notice it 's often done when someone wants to derail or exit the conversation in a hurry because it 's not going their way . if i notice someone accusing `` whataboutism '' in a thread i usually stop reading there . i 've never seen anything good come after . it 's the r/politics equivalent of saying `` no u . ''
what does he care ? he and his terrorist buddies subverted the supermajority will of the people of oregon . i ’ d say he ’ s happy as can be .
ted cruz is only one being and not several .
after two full terms of the exact same practices being paid by barack obama 's administration . but it only matters when the other side does it
conspiracy or not , at least we can all agree that war with iran would be fucking bad . this is why i do n't think all trump voters are a lost cause . if that 's the unpopular position to take so be it . i 'm just sick of wars .
the lowest levels of hell are reserved for those who use god for their own purposes .
no , it 's the cult led by that florida man everyone talks about .
really that ’ s the humane thing to do ? apparently you ’ ve convinced yourself that giving out free health insurance is somehow a good idea
they just did a sort of preview of the new podcast on behind the bastards covering the debates . really good . the new one is called `` the worst year of your life '' i think .
are you upset that doctors were n't allowed to see the children ? are you upset they are ? i mean , think about what you are saying and why do you have an issue making sure children are healthy and being taken care of properly ?
removed
personally , i think that cartoon is meant as an backhanded insult to chelsea . he could have used a different way to illustrate grooming than to make her a dog .
apparently he 's quite friendly with trump . he is reported as being one of the main reasons trump has n't yet attacked iran .
even if they are ignorant on this , that doesnt mean they are an ignorant person . its not like understanding aocs quotes is what one needs to avoid ignorance as a human . essentially , knowing anything about politics means very little to nothing for most peoples lives . we get into it because we enjoy it , and some of us not many actually do anything with that information . regardless , why are people trying to rankorder other humans based off arbitrary political values ? we 're all human . it saddens me to see the hate and grandstanding thats common in culture . we have the capacity to grow past that
well , looking at the underline reason why people get sick , is a pretty good idea .
& gt ; that 's not an insult , it 's a fact . username checks out
it 's not unethical , it 's no worse than snl etc mocking politicians .
& gt ; how in the hell is this worldview any more palatable than the one john bolton and pompeo project . it 's not ; it 's the same . tucker hates the financial and political costs of war , he does n't care about the people . he 's openly a white supremacist , so of course he does n't value the lives of iranians , that 's too ridiculous to even consider . 'you people oppress and kill your undesirables over there , and we 'll kill and oppress our undesirables over here . ' that 's the ideology . bolton and co. would replace the last two words with 'anywhere we damned well please ' .
the french revolution was n't more moral than the nazi genocide of the jews ? agree to disagree .
i genuinely try to not entertain the fleeting thoughts of wishing harm on anyone , but if carlson and hannity fell into a pool of piranhas i 'd really struggle to not pull the ladder out of reach .
deleted
the republican candidate pool was called a clown car in 2012 . at least come up with your own material .
clinton polled higher than sanders among registered democrats , but i would argue national polling is a lot more important , and against trump sanders was the clear choice . i believe if that information had n't been suppressed , and the media had actually done their job and given sanders sufficient coverage , we would n't have president bone spurs in office . here in 2019 though biden does poll better than sanders by a few points , but you do n't need psychic to tell joe 's polls are eventually going to collapse due to his record and creepy behavior . the left 's biggest problem is that they actually have standards , and they are going to be demoralized the better they get to know biden .
& gt ; yes , absolutely , singaporeans probably make better strategists . absolutely probably ? you made it sound obvious when comparing americans and afghanis . & gt ; and is there any question as to how capable the jews are as strategists ? that it functions as a matter of iq ? sure . moreover , there 's more jews than just israel , so is there a corollary you can show demonstrating that superiority in say the us military ? & gt ; the fact that our military would be fighting their family members so whose this hypothetical civil war between if you 're assuming they 're fighting their own family members ?
i 'm equal parts terrified and amused .
what 's ironic is that maddow is the one anchor with the chops for that job ...
& gt ; “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . & gt ; & gt ; “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr carlson added “ but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with. ” let that sink in america . this man does speak for you , whether you like him or not ... he speaks for you .
if harris gets the nomination , i hope she goes to the mat against trump on this issue .
deleted
`` opening markets for development '' as a requirement for imf loans results in the death of that domestic market in poor countries . in jamaica i believe the imf forced european powdered milk/ substandard dairy products of some kind on the market , resulting in the failure of the domestic dairy market . because they were uncompetitive in comparison they had no one to sell to , and just would pour the milk out after collecting it . that 's like one of a near infinite number of examples . the imf is very pro development ... even if we ignore the problems clr james pointed out about `` underdeveloped '' and `` development '' really meaning different in social structure from western capitalist states , the imf has weaponized `` development loans '' to allow western european and american product deemed sub par to be sold at subsidized rates to capture markets in countries with lower gdp per capita , or different economic structures .
if he ’ s anything like tom carper , he ’ s got a lot of money moving around . not just in but out .
yeah , i just sorted by controversial to see who would actually be upset about this . sad .
our current president was elected by the electoral college . several million voters said otherwise
hey ! has anyone mentioned that aoc tended bar , because that would be such a sick burn ! ! ! ! maga ! ! !
she is there because she speaks for the trump family . in this weird administration the secretary of state has less influence on policy then the daughter of the president .
deleted
agreed . fellow dc gay here . last summer i was followed by a group of 56 homophobic teens down t st nw across from larry 's ... not exactly the neighborhood i expect to be harassed in . thankfully i was on the phone with a friend at the time so they gave up pursuit . had i not been on the phone i 'm not sure what would 've happened .
same guy who blasted obama for being civil .
deleted
deeply . he needs it that way to have any kind of chance .
i 'm beginning to wonder if some of those democrats are waiting for putin and china to offer up more cash to delay or kill impeachment altogether ... you know , follow the money . we are all being sold down the river of no return by our so called representatives . it looks as though we are all `` acceptable losses '' .
i think op might be confused . if he gets excited at the prospect of old fat men “ mauling ” women , i ’ m pretty sure that can be found at a very different online community starting with the letters “ po ”
then why did he defend them ?
clearly the democratic party needs to move hard to the right so ted can feel better about us .
removed
lol . trumps policies are very moses like . maybe he can chisel his next executive order into stone . how many scriptures addressing the treatment of immigrants , poor , week , etc . “ there is neither jew nor greek , there is neither bond nor free , there is neither male nor female : for ye are all one in christ jesus ” . galatians 3:28
this is america .
& gt ; are we just stupider now ? no , the rich learned their lesson and launched a decades long campaign against the left . communists , socialists , unions . getting concessions requires a stick and the rich dismantled the stick .
then there 's this weird shit . & gt ; for the last 25 years , donald trump has been sending pictures of his hands to graydon carter to prove his fingers are properly proportioned , the vanity fair editor has revealed .
`` expert '' in campaign finance violation totally okay with trump 's blatant violations ... .
removed
deleted
can i sign up for wednesday ?
removed
i return the favor good sir . i get tired of how many bottom feeders come out at night and on weekends .
`` jesse jackson is not the emperor of black people ''
so stalin was actually okay ! whoop ! no need to fear communism anymore , guys .
correct . we ’ ve violated their right to life . how can you pretend to subscribe to this belief when i no for a fact you would not say the same for a newborn abandoned by its mother in the woods ? as the mother has elected to not care for the baby herself , does that mean she is still respecting the baby ’ s right to life ?
& gt ; how do you know any of these people are families ? how do you know they are not ? seriously ? this stat that you provided : & gt ; the huffington post says 80 % of central american women are sexually assaulted . is n't even remotely related .
i do n't disagree , but poor individuals that are white are inherently at an advantage over poor individuals of color , and that 's a bigger problem than the fact that people are poor
they aren ’ t bright enough to come up with something new .
removed
wallow in it is an accurate way to put it .
why ca n't the children have soap or clean clothes ? people even went to these facilities with boxes full of that , and the staff there refused to let the children have them . children have n't had showers there in a month . how is that ok ? denying basic hygiene to children is n't `` enforcing immigration law . '' it 's sociopathic .
`` your wife is ugly . now lick my boots '' donald trump `` ok '' ... sad puppy face ted cruz
i mean theres nothing worse than a corporate `` journalist '' so makes sense & amp ; # x200b ; this article for instance was brought to you by verizon
so far all the models show trump winning .
the president does n't value what he does n't understand . additionally , he does n't like to read or learn stuff .
not dropping out until convention is a good way to nominate biden .
this is the kind of political cartooning that seems to be lacking in the us press . punchy , simple and gloves off .
darmok and jalad and squee at donky dongs
bwahahahaaa i only see uneducated comments . amazing .
then what ’ s the fucking point of his statement ? if he ’ s not defending their actions then who gives a fuck about all of what he said ? he ’ s not breaking news that every state sanctions killing . what he ’ s doing is defending them by creating a natural inference without stating the intended message and i guess it worked on you .
500,000 casualties in iraq cause by a war started by america for oil . cry me a river americans .
deleted
removed
ok fine . it ’ s society ’ s responsibility to provide these basic services to its members .
if i could afford to be hammered throughout this election cycle taking a shot every time a republican posts a rasmussen poll and ignores literally every single other poll would be a great drinking game .
who fucking cares . pelosi is too spineless to do anything about it
removed
plenty of people here on reddit who 'll happily amplify that message , too . it 's fucking nauseating i thought we 'd grown a brain cell or two since 2016 , but apparently not !
well the gop just takes its cues from fox so the reaction of gop members was fairly similar .
sorry to jump to conclusions and you make good points . i do think the dnc needs to change course . i sometimes just go off on tangents about common opinion here .
removed
removed
he 's not exactly wrong , but what is not wrong does n't make it right .
actually you didn ’ t make a point . you tried to obfuscate the argument using latin phrases without context . ivanka trump is not qualified ivanka trump was not elected ivanka trump is not in a position confirmed by the united states senate she was so embarrassing at the g20 that the french government just made fun of her on the international stage cry in my pillow ? no my friend . i am laughing with the rest of the world .
so what your telling me is candidates have to smooth things over with nk even if they are n't in office . cool . also , avenues have been explored with nk with every president . do n't pretend trump is the kju whisperer . also smoothing things out equals what exactly ? sweet nothings and love notes as they keep on doing the things that they have been ? your devotion is blinding you . although , if it 's what you need to have meaning then you do you man . be best .
`` ha , ha , the religion was all a con and i 'm rich and you 're not . '' to be published by random lies .
that actually gets to the heart of the debate of a “ citizenship question ” on the census ! in short , yes , they do fill it out , because it ’ s illegal to not fill it out and that is what gets attention of law enforcement .
i agree . i ’ ve said that viewing her in the twin peaks world stuck in donald trumps america made me have a new appreciation for her . to be clear i ’ ll be voting for warren/harris but there is nothing wrong with being a ray of love similar to a cheesy twin peaks scene . i want a world like that
it ’ s a crappy movie with a populist ideal . it ’ s basically /r/im14andthisisdeep the movie .
removed
it you have more you can afford to give more . if your choices allowed you to go through school with minimal loans then you should be happy to help those less privileged . if everyone helps shoulder the student loan debt there will be less for the former students to pay
biden has a treasure trove of material for the russians and trump 's campaign to use . nominating him would be the dumbest move democrats could make . he has a glass jaw and is skating by on obama 's coattails and uncle joe memes . you 'd think a man who 's been running for president for 30 years would have a lot more to go on .
it 's context and nuance vs a black and white over simplification of a complex set of issues
almost , but socialism is n't ... & gt ; when the poor get shit they desperately need that 's a welfare state . socialism is when there are n't any poor people .
kamala is n't the only black candidate . and she 's not only a black candidate she 's also the best candidate .
`` i want to do it faster , '' he said . `` i can do the wall over a longer period of time . i did n't need to do this . i would rather do it much faster . i do n't have to do it for the election . i have already done a lot of wall for the election 2020 . '' your godemperor , donald j. trump in fox news ' defense it is hard af to understand anything trump says so they must have missed that when he declared it a nonemergency .
deleted
& gt ; generally just mess the whole country up you are thinking about trump . he has destroyed corn and soybean farming in the united states , and locally , the biggest economic success story has now shifted production to china because of the trump trade disaster . at least the workers we have been laying off lately understand exactly why it is happening , perhaps some of them are smart enough to vote accordingly next goround . later !
& gt ; if my vote still matters every vote has momentum . that is the `` i wanted madonna , but since saggett got the nomination , i will be backing him '' to your friends affect . the reddit `` if biden can beat trump , he gets my vote '' . so just show up and vote . also , if you are wanting to `` send a message '' the primary probably does so to `` the establishment '' as much as a national vote does if made with enough emphasis see sanders . no , most of these candidates do n't have a chance . but i do like seeing them out there as long as they , to be frank , fall in line . i want mayor pete to be head of something . at this point i think he and warren could solve the worlds problems if given enough power . i am finding most dems are undecided as well . but we are actually a long way out and most voters do n't do so in primaries . biden is that old worn blanket with an outdated style on it . it has it 's holes but can easily bring you comfort . vs taking a nap in the woods on a pile of rocks and sticks .
or the pentagon ... or at the epa ... or at the ... everywhere .
but , but , thew dems do n't play identity politics , right ?
busing was n't a cut and dry civil rights issue like it 's predecessors in regard to fed control . especially since it was going to be an ongoing thing , not a one time event like in the case of dismantling segregation laws or granting voting rights . remember they assigned busing to the department of education , the same department of education that the gop tried to completely dismantle 5 years later . even bernie was against busing as he did n't trust the government to `` give a shit about black people '' source now i ca n't speak for what biden truly meant when he opposed it , but it should be known that it is n't a binary issue as other civil rights laws .
for the sake of the world ? is it that big still ? i think america can ride its downward spiral in relative privacy . no need for the world to be involved they can just shrink out of sight quietly .
agreed . however there are some americans who have to be convinced of the remodel before they can commit to grabbing a bucket . i think that ’ s why warren is a strong candidate here . she has found a way to term policy speak into real talk . her 2 % on every dollar over 50 million is solid and easy to remember . do i make 50 million a year ? nope . so it doesn ’ t affect me . and all the proceeds will go towards funding more progressive plans to remodel .
removed
living conditions in previous administrations was n't much better , but you had a complicit media to thank for it . i do n't support either circumstance and bad policies have bad effects . welcome to government 101 . if you do n't understand that policies created these centers and do n't want people held accountable i get it .
chelsea is also about a million times smarter than ivanka . chelsea may not be a politician , but she 'd come up to speed way , way , faster than ivanka .
did n't the right have a meltdown when obama took malia to cuba and she acted as his translator ? but ivanka can go to summits and sit in on meetings she has no business sitting in on .
deleted
it ’ s easy to have a booming economy where you have no one paying taxes but how long is that going to last ?
bart o ’ kavanaugh
op is saying it 's `` laughable '' because the options are , a . keep the kids in the detention centers for either deportation or citizenship which takes time , or b . release them into the us by themselves and set a ridiculous precedent . democrats finally approved funding for the detention centers to get the necessary supplies to make things better , but please stop suggesting that having open borders is a viable option , while in the same breath denounce a border wall and say trump is killing kids without any better of an idea . edit : love the down votes but still noone gives a better option of what to do . typical .
lotsa words for `` keynes does n't real . '' dipshit ignorance of how ad drives employment dressed up in ostentatious garbage is n't wisdom . go cite some shit at nber to bolster nativist and antiautomation dogma if you can . when ad is high unemployment is low and we have decades of data and a zillion different predictive models to show it . when employment drops its because ad is below productive capacity . whoever your econ teach was failed .
\+1
fuck , you ’ re right . i never considered that one . is making it out of the industrial revolution a great filter ?
updoot for smn loving . the recent ben shapiro episode is a goddamn masterpiece of character deconstruction : i also recommend the `` life in the fash lane '' miniseries from them . for those , uh , unfamiliar with the intricacies of fascism , it 's a good primer . the altright playbook is a great series too , but from a different channel entirely . everyone should educate themselves .
i ’ m not arguing the benefits of medicare for all , or any single payer system . i strongly favor it . how we pay for this and other programs is the focus of my interest . imho holitic income tax reform and a vat have to happen before we can do a program like this . i would prefer to lower the national debt , which is possible
in a failed attempt to get opposition research on trump . the russians were happy to take the clinton bucks and give him fake stories to string him along in return , but one unresolved question from the mueller report is whether the russians were actively feeding steele disinformation as part of the election interference campaign . hillary wanted opposition research on trump to help her campaign . she funneled money from democratic sources through a law firm to disguise where it was going the basis for this campaign finance violation . then fusion gps employed steele who conducted that research by hiring intermediaries to pay russian sources . if the russia story had never blown up , we 'd never even know that hillary had conducted any opposition research like this . all the fec had to connect her to it at all was a filing saying `` legal services to perkins coie ''
i think your boy smollett proved that is n't the best idea . and i also did n't see smollett sustain a brain hemorrhage . does n't seem staged to me . try again soy boy
i do n't really care , do u ?
is reality that hard for you to acknowledge ? we deal with all sorts of very unsavory characters it turns out the world is full of them . perhaps you missed his first sentence .
did the right just pull a back handed `` stay in your lane '' idpol argument ?
probably three years old ? it was bad then and it 's bad now .
it 's more that other countries are hesitant to antagonize him openly . i 'd love to see china tell him that they 're stopping all trade with the us until tariffs go back to where they were . i 'd love to see mexico do the same . just flat out refuse to play his games . wo n't ever happen tho .
donald trump thinks your wife is ugly . you got cuckholded and seem to enjoy it .
for a fucking reason .
removed
how can anyone take cruz seriously after the “ green eggs an han ” stint ” he pulled , or his outrage over trump ’ s remarks concerning his wife during the primaries . i have no doubt the man ’ s an empty suit .
if i had to guess i 'd say they pointed out what a lie the post was , and this place is only for propaganda and making people not on their side look evil . i have no idea what it 's about but i know tucker carlson would never say anything like that ... prob took him out of context or just straight up lying
... shames working for a living .
because their dems are weak as piss and a fucking disgrace to the cause .
proven scumbag , just like his owner .
removed
you too
so does harris now support forced bussing of students ?
a baby has a positive right to care from its parents . but no adult has a positive right to care from another adult .
first all all , he likely assaulted her and others , that is clear . while that has n't been proven , although the fake infestation points in that direction , it does n't change the fact that brett is a partisan hack who has no business being a judge at any level .
i know it 's late but i 'm dying at you calling her a shrew . 🤣
removed
stop posting old news .
i wonder if they smoked weed in college and inhaled , and then ruined the lives of a million kids giving them criminal records for doing the same thing .
one debate at the end of july with the same conditions and then in september the field thins for the next debate .
& gt ; i love how people think that communism means an authoritarian dictatorship there 's no other place in history where large quantities of wealth are separated from large numbers of people than `` authoritarian dictatorship '' .
imagine if obama brought fucking don lemon to nk . the entirety of the gop would spontaneously combust . what a shit show
possibly install trump as a permanent dictator ? how the he 'll do you propose he might do that ? ? ? was the 22nd amendment repealed or are you thinking of a more nefarious process ?
& gt ; people are just irrationally afraid of something different that would be objectively better than what we have now . yep , exactly . that 's why it 's a losing issue . there are better ways to get to m4a , than just wiping out everyone 's existing insurance .
which carlson quote to you consider a defense of north korea ?
deleted
... that he created .
two wrongs make a right .
they are merely following the 'leader ' # 45 ... shit starts at the top and works its way down .
anyone who looks at trumps presidency and thinks this is what america should be , is n't an american . at least they ai n't what an american ought to be .
there are things that a competent president could do . trump though ? probably not . best he can hope for is to hold it together until an adult can take over .
how are your this dumb ?
does nobody see the irony ?
early polling seems to suggest that he lost quite a bit of support . we will know for sure later in the week .
sometimes people are in fact recruited into running . this is the case with biden . i 'm sorry the facts do n't bend to your bizarre narrative that he 's `` power hungry '' . maybe think up a better lie to tell about him ?
& gt ; clinton polled higher than sanders among registered democrats , but i would argue national polling is a lot more important , and against trump sanders was the clear choice . ... that 's what we 're talking about . you said she was even during the primary . that was a lie . she was up by 8.3 % on super tuesday , the day she put the primary out of reach for bernie . & gt ; i believe if that information had n't been suppressed , and the media had actually done their job and given sanders sufficient coverage , we would n't have president bone spurs in office . nothing was suppressed . it 's just that you want to have it both ways . that bernie being up by 2 % more should be case closed on who people are supposed to vote for but biden being up by 2 % more is meaningless . hint : the 2 % difference being meaningless is right when you 're talking about polling before a general election has even occurred . it 's just that you fail to apply it equally .
it ’ s hard to imagine how 40 % of the country supports a president like that .
and the perpetuation just went full circle . but sure , i 'll play again . yes , rapes happen . oh please continue .
lol no it doesn ’ t “ fraud , dynasty , sexual misconduct , rapist ”
do n't forget , i 'm woefully unqualified but my daddy got me the job .
well said
i was going to say the raping and beer .
republicans , not believing science , do n't understand that germs refuse to respect the insurance coverage status of the people they infect .
removed
a lot of these board of directors , aka , the people hoovering up most of a corporations money , likely have investments in private health insurance companies that they are making sweet profit from , or is friends with someone who sits on the private insurance companies board , so they likely have no interest in saving money through medicare for all , because overall , they are making way more due to private insurance companies existing . & amp ; # x200b ; the 1 % would rather lose money than abolish a private market . they would lose power , and have one less way to make a profit . that 's all that matters to them .
well the previous one didn ’ t understand economics so that really helped us right ?
exactly . when i say he addressed issues people had , i don ’ t mean he addressed them well , but he made people feel like he heard them . unfortunately , you need more than just policy to win elections . obama won by promising change , not by appealing to the status quo . in an ideal world , policy would be what matters , but in reality is just as much , if not more , about performance . we need to run candidates who have both . clinton was seen as cozying up to wall street at a time when a lot of people feel the current system isn ’ t working for them . obviously trump is even more of a sycophant to the wealthy class that he wants to be accepted into , but a lot of people fell for propaganda that positioned him as a fighter for the working class . the thing is , there are major issues with the establishment that the dems need to address , and they need to hit those points hard . unlike trump , though , they need both an honest desire to change things and an actual plan to do so .
google it tons of articles about don jr prior to trump running .
i keep hoping that i wake up and this was only a bad dream . if this was a movie , i would have long ago changed the channel at the implausibility of it all .
deleted
& gt ; however , the constitution does not constitute us as `` platonic guardians , '' nor does it vest in this court the authority to strike down laws because they do not meet our standards of desirable social policy , `` wisdom , '' or `` common sense . '' see tva v. hill , 437 u.s. 153 , 194195 1978 . we trespass on the assigned function of the political branches under our structure of limited and separated powers when we assume a policymaking role as the court does today . chief justice berger , plyler v doe dissent . the left in general and dionne in this piece view the judiciary as a way to create policy when the legislature does n't give them the policy they want . gerrymandering has been an accepted practice since the founding , it was created and named after a man that signed the declaration of independence . districts are decided by state governments , alec has been successful because they have focused on local elections . scotus is absolutely correct , gerrymandering is to be dealt with by the legislature and it starts with local elections . direct your ire their , where it can serve a purpose , not at scotus where it is little more than feel good platitudes .
i wo n't lie , i miss kit kats . but i wo n't knowingly give a cent to a company that has been responsible for the deaths of thousands of infants in third world countries , and has made the claim that access to clean water is not a human right not verbatim , but basically said that calling water a basic human right is an extremist belief . they play an active role in destroying the environment , and people for profit . tl ; dr fuck nestle .
and we should cut ties with them as well and many in our country have pushed for such action
but being a bartender is ! !
he told my dad he was !
the dems do n't want to finance his border wall . it 's a waste of money .
shouldn ’ t they have been “ awake ” anyways ?
wrong .
kinda seems like shes the pot calling the kettle black .
/s
you replied to me telling me i missed the point lol
oh my god .
`` do n't know , do n't care '' is republican doctrine
sure if you want an economically , socially , and mentally repressed nation .
socialists hate welfare ... bc the welfare state pacifies the proles . welfare is a capitalist invention .
wednesday , november 4 , 2020 we will either be celebrating the rebirth of our nation or mourning its immanent demise .
removed
wasn ’ t he the guy that got outraged that obama was even trying to negotiate with rocket man ?
are you against public education in general ? are you against k12 , for instance ? are you against publiclysubsidized state colleges ? i 'm trying to figure out how crazy you are .
this did n't get enough attention for months , i 'm glad its on mainstream radar and being constantly updated and developed .
& gt ; liberals just want to take money from people who work hard and give it to lazy people the blue states democrat are the moneymakers , while the red states republican are the true welfare states , i.e . the blue states actually subsidize the red states . & gt ; also that they 're against the police they are against police brutality and impropriety , a very important distinction . the founding fathers most certainly did not want a police state , and put limitations on the authority of the government 's ability to infringe upon the rights of the people . & gt ; and against the military in your lifetime , more veterans have run for president as democrats gore and kerry than republicans mccain while the republicans have also fielded three draft dodgers in gw bush , dick cheney and d. trump . there are several veterans currently running for president as democrats , while the republicans have just the draft dodger . democrats do want to regulate big business , and support small businesses . big businesses turn into monopolies , which is bad for you and me ma bell arguably being one of the few exceptions . do you think it 's fair that you and i pay taxes , but billion dollar companies like amazon do n't , and in the case of oil companies like exxon , get subsidized , paid by the government on top of the billions in profits ? i do n't . read up on citizens united , which gave corporations the ability to donate vast sums of money to political candidates , without revealing who was giving who what . now read the u.s. constitution and notice that the word `` corporation '' or anything similar does not appear anywhere in the document , yet `` we the people '' is prominent and what it 's all about . people , not corporations . are you friends with any corporations ? or people ?
i think we can divert power from the `` get last word in '' system to the `` be decent person '' system , but i 'm not sure if the cpu can handle that .
deleted
save us the speeches and just pass the friggin joint ...
lol & amp ; # x200b ; stop your lying .
i just reread this . it was interesting when i read it in college 20 years ago , this time it was terrifyingly familiar .
i would n't mind that .
tucker carlson has the personality and leadership skills of a brick .
deleted
oof ... it can ’ t be possible your social awareness is that bad .
here is the healthcare bill
boooonioff !
goddamn yellow bellied turncoats .
hi ` special_agent_foles ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : offtopic : all submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current us politics . if you have questions as to why your post has been removed , please see here : why was my post removed as offtopic ? if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
removed
snl is not employed by any political campaign , this person is . you ca n't keep ignoring that aspect of the story .
i was reading an article that was stating that abortion was actually going up because of trump policy
removed
cruelty is a feature , not a bug .
deleted
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
hi ` slowsmoothfast ` , your post ` fox news flips on north korea trump vs obama ` has been removed because the youtube channel is not on our whitelist . to submit to our whitelist , please view this link , which will allow you to submit submit a url for consideration . if this was in error , please message the moderators . note : we will not be whitelisting channels that do not adhere to our rules . if you submit a rule breaking channel to our whitelist form , we may match your form submission against your reddit submission and ban your account . if you are deemed to be a spammer , your account will be reported to the admins ! channels that will absolutely not be considered include personal blogs , satirical or entertainment based channels , nonreputable / notable channels and blatant spam . do not submit a channel for whitelisting that has rulebreaking content . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
they 'll lose that fight in court .
& gt ; do you think america could not be run if we stopped killing people in the justice system ? well , that 's not really the issue here ; it 's what option will produce the best moral outcome ? the people we want to kill with the death penalty ... who are they ? serial killers ? gang rapists ? torturers ? child abusers ? well , we have basically three options for those kinds of people with that level of extreme behavior : 1 . permanent isolation . the people in question are simply isolated and kept away . 2 . let them back into the wild . 3 . you simply take these superasshole types and kill them . it 's basically the same as death but with a much longer wait time , and it 'll suck up taxpayer money more or less just to keep people alive that ... we have trouble even wanting them to stay alive . even worse , they 're bundled in with the people caught for petty misdemeanors and other light crimes and will negatively affect their rehabilitation , and create a worse environment that way . at the very least , they are an economic burden that we have no value for unless we put them to work but alas , putting criminals to work has an unsavory history of abuse , so that 's also not really an option . and letting them out into the wild ? again , ted bundy types . they will never really stop , because by the time they 've wound up under consideration of the death penalty for their extreme behavior ... they wo n't really stop if they ever get out . a lot of these people literally have something wrong with their brain that prevents them from properly empathizing with other human beings , or are just so caught up in their issues that they 'll simply be uncontrollable in the outside world . letting them out , even after attempted rehabilitation , is not a very good option . now , for killing them . obviously , limits have to be put in place ; a certain period by which to appeal your sentence is needed , the courts have to be fair , but ultimately , this is far less costly than just keeping them contained , the only real moral alternative , and more moral than that , as it also removes them as a threat to other people permanently . now currently , death row and lethal injections are a bulky and bad way of doing these executions ; but that does n't mean that it ca n't be improved to the point where it is actually much cheaper and quicker than normal containment of criminals . it 's just the best option .
i know where you are coming from but really this is a national resource we should all try and protect . last i checked , half of the world 's sockeye salmon comes from the bristol bay region .
if trump gets reelected there is a legitimate chance that this woman will be the next president after him . dems are back on the circular firing squad while trump takes ivanka to take your daughter to work day .
do you have a source that she was a defense attorney ? wikipedia says she was a prosecutor for many years and then attorney general of california before becoming a senator , but i was unable to find any reference to her being a defense attorney .
looking at the field , she will probably be the nominee . centrists accepts her reluctantly , same with the left ... edit : and by reluctantly i do not mean the lesser of 2 evils ... just centrists would prefer someone more to the right , same with the left wishing she was more progressive .
and this to you is a valid reason to continue a nearly 20 year war that we are losing ? that seems ridiculous .
deleted
i 've been told their safe word is 'beachfront ' . everyone 's saying
i agree it should n't be . sadly in the gop many politicians employ their children or their children are given positions that they are thoroughly unqualified for .
you guys hold that up like it ’ s the ultimate achievement or something . and in the next breath denigrate the electorate that emplaces politicians with whom you disagree . ocasiocortez won maybe the easiest election ever and had a lot of help along the way . it was not some grand achievement and in no way magically makes her more qualified to have a conversation with other politicians than the president ’ s daughter . i think it ’ s pretty sickening for feminists to see this rank hypocrisy with respect to female family members of male presidents being trusted with appointments . barbara bush , hillary clinton , and michelle obama never won an election prior to their husbands taking office either . please just admit that you ’ re cool with hating on women being trusted with political power so long as it ’ s the right woman . just admit to being a hypocrite .
removed
for those that portend to speak for god .
but isnt tucker heavily against war in the middle east ?
cat fight !
“ no spin zone ”
removed
vs the alternative of going to an er and not paying the massive bill , making health insurance more expensive for everyone . think about the bigger picture here . and do n't say more illegals will come for free healthcare .
& gt ; those people talk like 14 yo boys fantasizing about being rambo . holy shit , that is the best description of that type of personality i 've ever heard ! i 've run into gun nuts like this who , despite all facts , statistics , and any sort of realistic adult understanding of the issues being against them , think that : 1 owning guns makes them and their families safer despite all statistics saying otherwise , 2 that if they were in a mass shooting situation , they 'd be the hero of the day and be able to take out the shooter no problem , even though many times cops , who are professionally trained for those situations , still die from being shot at without being successful at stopping the shooter , and 3 if the government became tyrannical , then people with guns will rebel and their m16 's are gon na be an effective weapon against tanks and airplanes . it really seems like a lot of the diehard 2nd amendment types only want there to be no restrictions on guns because restricting access to guns means their already outlandish rambo fantasies become slightly less realistic than they already were to begin with . with that said , if someone wants to argue about gun policy strictly from the 2nd amendment alone , or because they see a benefit to allowing guns for leisure activities , i 'm willing to respect their positions , but these other arguments coming from gun nuts who have no grounding in reality , and just have a fantasy they want played out , i just do n't find them convincing .
they shit all over obama for being open to the idea of talking with north korea .
deleted
because trump is a fascist .
wow . you didnt even understand what i wrote . read up on the ad/as model and note the short run impacts of the phillips curve . basically what you 're saying , to be clear , is that labor gluts do n't exist .
removed
deleted
twothirds of millennials do n't have a landline . so yeah , it 's a little beyond silly to only poll land line owners , unless you absolutely want to exclude young voters .
deleted
sanders ' biggest mistake was going too easy on hillary . he should have talked about the corruption issue early . now we have trump because democrats chose an awful nominee .
i do n't understand , does n't going viral make you more valuable ? ? ?
apparently not christian , because i hear that 's what we are now . beats me .
there ’ s a reason he never made it out of the primaries whenever he ran for president
this is on the nose . my idiot parents are in the old generation born 20 ’ s & amp ; 30 ’ s who value authority figures and don ’ t seem to have critical thinking skills . my dad ’ s a lawyer retired , so you think he ’ d see through a con man . but he didn ’ t . they believe anything fox news tells them .
i know , i have a facebook friend i now have to unfriend because he literally just posted some meme about the democrat debates not speaking about the military but focusing on immigration or some bullshit like that . despite the fact that gabbard serves , pete did serve , biden ’ s son served , and biden and i think gillibrand both spoke trouble with nato ... worse , he pulled it from a proud boy page people are so fucking stupid . i have to leave texas
removed
no , it was not polls , but a model , several i think as the words were `` based on all the models we looked at '' . terrifying isnt it ?
never trust trump
so there were only seven perfect partisan splits ? next year , they 'll be back to twelve again like last year . if not next year , certainly after the 2020 blue wave . does nyt go over these seven cases ? nope , only the gerrymandering one . damage control . media does not want anyone to get some democratic ideas like unstacking the stolen court balance with a few new justices .
removed
but who is going to protect corporate profits ?
deleted
removed
i have n't seen the video . it looks like i should check it out . meanwhile , it does n't change anything about aoc .
i have to respectfully disagree . the fact that there are poor people at all is the biggest problem ; when someone is a white person living in the poorest counties of america , which happen to be anywhere from 90 to 98 % white i doubt he/she experiences any of the advantages that you mentioned , whatever they maybe . and what do they see when they turn on the tv ? people demonizing them for being white .
insurance isn ’ t required to get care . sometimes cheaper without it .
deleted
removed
it was effective to morons who don ’ t actually understand nuance , the history of busing , or biden ’ s record on it
deleted
so who is going to pay for these doctors
removed
author 's book only thing of note in his bio : 'outrage , inc. : how the liberal mob ruined science , journalism , and hollywood ' oh and he does a/the dailycaller podcast .
perhaps you missed the underlying implication of what he 's saying .
politicians in alabama have already begun saying the only way to get rid of us gays is to kill us . we 're at that step here .
i had meh health insurance that slowly turned so terrible that i 'm now buried under medical debt . we have zero invested in the stock market . neither him nor hillary gave enough of a shit about people drowning in student loan debt to do anything meaningful about it . i could go on but i 'm laying in bed and do n't feel like aggravating myself compiling the list . i did n't say obama was the worst president ever , there 's plenty of things he did that i liked , particularly that he seemed like a sane and balanced person , unlike trump . but my life literally did not get better because of his policies in any meaningful way . hence the reason there 's so much push for candidates like bernie , someone promising change that will make a difference in my life .
next stop ... , circle nine
don ’ t get me wrong , biden is better than trump , but the problem is that he ’ s the candidate i trust least to actually beat trump .
removed
then why did he defend them ?
look at all that milk . hope he survives .
& gt ; impeachment hearings are on the news each night . that 's a big assumption in the trump era .
despite the fact that your headline is far more credible than anything on newsmax seems our mods don ’ t take kindly to ‘ making shit up ’ despite their reluctance to blacklist such incredulous sources .
it 's understood , just not funny .
know ?
you are factually correct . well done !
deleted
deleted
removed
epic . simply epic . did you come up with this joke on your own ?
it 's just a scary way of saying `` antifascists '' to trick lowinformation voters . i.e . anybody who protests fascists such as nazi marches , it 's not a real group with that name or anything .
what a douche
last i checked , boards answer to stock holders . they didn ’ t want clinton on it they would vote her out hey is that an election ? ivanka trump is not trying to sit on a board she is trying to interject herself into a conversation with 3 world leaders and the imf head at the g20 . i doubt that was the only thing she did to get such major shade from the french gov ’ t . macron posted this video not the us press .
& gt ; dozens of democrats have called for trump impeachment that 's the problem . you need 50 % +1 in the house to pass an impeachment inquiry to give the judiciary committee the powers it needs to begin . call your reps , it wo n't happen until half the house is supporting it .
removed
hahah , sure . says the guy who does n't even have the first clue what pariah means .
deleted
fyi the former ussr and current day smaller fascist russia are n't the same
clinton was also pushing clean coal nonsense and promised to support mining . she did n't offer a believable alternative to trump .
time to have a look at what the best education looks like . it probably will adjust your thinking .
& gt ; the government stop making a profit off student loans well actually they do n't ... its worse . the federal government hands out the loans then passes it off to a collections agency like great lakes of navient who collect the loans , these groups get the interest on the loans and the federal government gets the principle back .
removed
`` because some people are being hyperbolic about trump being hitler , i 'm going to vote for a party that actively acts against my interests and the interests of the nation , and reject empathy , citing it as `` weaponized '' , and led by a fool '' .
lol no shit ? they 'd be blown apart by antiaircraft guns or fed alive to starving dogs if they are n't .
wait are we equivalating one of your own citizens being in an area you 've designated dangerous , to leaders killing their own inside their own country , not as a result of crossfire , but to retain power ? i feel like we 're whittling down to semantics here .
dumbest possible question you could have asked her
the joke did fail . did you hear the audience laughing and having a good time ?
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
with every decision , there are consequences . if biden was not running for president , this would be a nonissue , but since he is , he has to look at strategy and reality . can he explain a critical and historic decision he made in the 1970 's to his 2019 audience ? because trying to use , `` i was just representing my constituents '' will not be a winning strategy when one has to share the stage with bernie sanders , who probably has a more progressive record than some civil rights leaders . there are so many decades old photos on the internet of bernie being involved with civil rights for minorities , women , and the lgbtq community , that if we find out that area 51 and alien conspiracies are true , i expect to see an fbi file showing bernie facing off against sculley and mulder with a sign saying , `` free e.t . `` . for another example , from another imperfect politician , ted kennedy opposed an antibusing piece of legislation , against the wishes of his constituents , who were also freaking out about it . my takeaway ? i do n't see a good strategy for him going forward . harris dealt his campaign a death blow , and the media is now his main opponent , as they are now doing a deep dive into his congressional votes as pertains to race , gender , and sexual orientation . it is n't helped that his audiences are now fact checking him in realtime .
deleted
my parents said that they didn ’ t like biden but worried he was the only one electable especially bernie . i reminded them they said the same the same thing about bernie and clinton in 2016 . while they basically went uhhh i think a lot of older generation voters like biden because of a false sense of electability . he ’ s the type of candidate democrats always run . he ’ s the safe candidate . the clinton , al gore , john kerry , clinton democrat . who won though . the one who appealed to the younger generation .
& gt ; provide care for your child prisoners . stop abusing and neglecting your child prisoners . and provide proper care for your child prisoners . & amp ; # x200b ; did n't fix that , just elaborated on both of the pertinent points above .
two of these people .
& gt ; i do feel as though democrat ’ s would like much more open borders because the immigrants are much more likely to vote for them get the fuck out with that nonsense . that 's not even remotely a concern , stop spreading lies .
what makes a bartender qualified to run for political office and part of the financial services committee ? seeing the pot call the kettle black here . maybe aoc should stick to photoops of her yelling at an empty parking lot .
remember that republican talking point during the election about clinton installing her daughter into government if she got elected !
& gt ; ... .according to the indictment , between early 2012 and mid2016 , eghbal “ eddie ” saffarinia engaged in a scheme to conceal material facts , including the nature and extent of saffarinia ’ s financial relationship with a personal friend who was ... wow ! he really opened a can of worms ! prosecution of a former official for concealing financial relationships ... . how likely is it that about 200 , maybe 300 officials of the current administration will be looking over their shoulders for the next 8 years ? problem mr barr needs to consider : once you open a can of worms , you need a bigger can to close them back up .
why would you say that ?
removed
removed
the only thing worse than that article is the comments below it . i knew the right was partially insane , but those comments are downright scary . it really is a reality check for those of you out there that thing we can reach across the aisle . i have a feeling we 'd be retracting a stump if we did .
deleted
lies and the lying liars who lied .
i ’ m sure he ’ d totally say the same thing had this been obama . /s
the imf member states then floods that market with government subsidized goods that did n't meet the regulatory standard in their home countries an capture the market by undercutting domestic producers ...
blessed blessings be blessed . best blessings . blessed .
ivanka graduated cum laude with a bachelors degree in economics . considering the usa needs some economic rework , i ’ d say she qualified . more than aoc ever would be .
secretary of state or maybe the epa ?
removed
i changed my voter registration so i can vote in the republican primary . i registered as a republican so i can vote against trump twice . it was easy ,
absolutely . trump represents a potentially fatal moment for the conservative movement in this country . he says the quiet parts out loud , makes it much more difficult sometimes impossible to deny that american conservatism is rooted in xenophobia and greed . i just wish the democrats were better at leveraging the power they have admittedly , not much to hammer those points home . i get they want to keep power ... but it 'll be easier to keep power when the republican party crumbles to fucking dust .
removed
i ’ m a liberal and the pandering to everyone but the american people disqualified them for me . looks like another round of holding my nose and picking the least horrible person again .
no it 's not . unless you are employed by the health insurance industry .
gop : she ’ s was a bartender , what can she do ! ? everyone else : yes , continue to alienate everyday american jobs so they turn against you .
deleted
maybe to people who don ’ t actually read articles . the article was saying he wanted to pass permanent protections for lgbt people and was praising how far we ’ ve come in even five years . fortunately dumb internet outrage enthusiasts don ’ t actually vote which is why biden is crushing everybody in the polls
& gt ; washington times lol
removed
the truth ... you ca n't handle the truth .
say it with me . basic . human . right . now that was n't so hard , was it ?
that ’ s not how argumentation works friendo .
you can bet it 's chinese made steel with yellow paint on it .
i hope any candidate goes to the mat against trump on this issue . but really it would be better to see the entire democratic party go to the mat on this .
thinking police drone enforcement is a good idea makes me worry about your capacity to do about anything
yup and just about everyone else in right wing media
nice election interference lol
i ’ m sure it ’ ll have fives of true anecdotes in it .
how is this a surprise ? have you watched his show ? he probably is going to get a better contract now .
surprised i had to scroll down this far to find it . it 's real easy to present trumpedup stock market numbers when taxpayers are footing the bill for buybacks ... but that does n't translate to 'main street ' prosperity .
removed
stupid is as stupid does .
lol , did you forget about george stephanopoulos following trump for 30 hrs ? is abc news state run media too ?
no gov has ever committed atrocities ?
we do n't sell weapons systems to china . we do n't need to sell them to saudi arabia either . are you trying to deny that ?
look at the context ya shmuck . “ let me see if i can explain this for you . person a wo n't have to pay person b unless person a is making speculative wall street transactions sanders or has worth over $ 50m warren . inform yourself . ”
she graduated cum laude from boston university with a dual major in international relations and economics . these gop clowns looking down on her for `` being a bartender '' are damn fools . she worked to pay the bills and is highly educated . she 's has almost definitely worked harder for what she has , and she 's almost definitely smarter than the bulk of them .
she 's actually talking to macron .
he polls 10 points against trump , tied with biden . he is currently the most electable option
& gt ; on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . this puts nk 's actions in the realm of statecraft practicalities . the atrocities committed by nk , our allies , and ourselves have by an large not been necessary . & gt ; es suggesting sometimes you have to work with bad people to benefit both sides yeah ... comparing this situation with our alliance with russia during a world war after the entirety of europe had been conquered is not a good comparison . north korea is an isolated regime who 's only negotiating power is the threat of it using nuclear weapons against south korea or japan . trump 's diplomatic tactics towards nk and kju personally have been a mix of /r/iamabadass tweets , failed diplomatic talks that are pure headline grabs for him with no actual agreements , and him shrugging when nk continues to do everything he just told them not to because he ca n't admit that he failed . he is n't making deals with kju . he 's sucking up to him as a part of his weird admiration for authoritarian leaders while getting nothing in return . if he was actually extracting concessions from kju and bringing about meaningful change for the opressed citizenry of nk , or increasing the safety of the us and our allies that would be one thing . but he is n't . instead he 's playing the headlines again , because the only thing he knows is showmanship . and tucker carlson is running interference for him by normalizing one of the worst nations on this planet .
nope not actually you see , the things you mentioned are things someone else is doing to you/forcing you to do . basically they can ’ t take something from you or attack you . however healthcare is you through the government forcing someone else to take care of you . huge difference .
good man . lol .
yeah because candidates have never said one thing while campaigning and done another once in office . never happens ! /s
did you see where i mentioned that parents and siblings of the military are the people that would be fighting the military ? how many military members want to kill their family members to win a war ? how many soldiers would simply take off their uniforms rather than killing family members , the families of fellow soldiers , and more to the point , fellow countrymen in general ?
deleted
and that is how business works sometimes . it is called nepotism and everyone has the boss ’ s idiot cousin/nephew story not elected governments . probably why the french gov ’ t is throwing the shade here
trump slashed income taxes and increased spending . no , it 's clearly not the fucking spending .
ok so nothing of value , got it
nothing great was ever accomplished without killing a few people .
& gt ; on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people .
deleted
i mean they have no choice but to take on that debt if they want a house . they did n't choose it beyond choosing to buy a house , and there is no reason they should have to be forced to take on that debt . it 's just morally wrong for one thing . i mean they have no choice but to take on that debt if they want a car . they did n't choose it beyond choosing to buy a car , and there is no reason they should have to be forced to take on that debt . it 's just morally wrong for one thing . i mean they have no choice but to take on that debt if they want a boat . they did n't choose it beyond choosing to get a boat , and there is no reason they should have to be forced to take on that debt . it 's just morally wrong for one thing . all those things , including yours are optional . tell me again why yours is the only debt that should be forgiven ?
it 's a tired slogan , dumbshit !
purely conjecture , but i ’ m not sure how bad it is that nobody ’ s in charge at the pentagon . they ’ re always up to no good anyway . maybe this is how we stay out of war ? crazy , right ?
they are complicit but they do n't comply .
depends on the part of the city . but in general , seattle ’ s been pretty accepting of the gay community . i think my first pride parade was in 1998ish ? and i was just a straight suburban kid . even the conservative types outside the urban areas are surprisingly accepting . i don ’ t know much about the eastern part of the state . i would assume it ’ s more like idaho than seattle .
they will still vote for him . progressives really hate trump and want him out . they wo n't vote for him in the primaries .
some of them already think that
another homerun , but can he do it again ?
i ’ m not spreading lies you child . it was an opinion . you act like immigrants would vote democratic . you honestly trust all politicians enough that it couldn ’ t be true ? i ’ m not saying all of them , but surely a few of them .
not entirely true . there are a lot of the current 1 % who plucked themselves out of the middle class and are now in the bottom of the 1 % bracket . a lot of them did work hard to get there too ; but ultimately having your university expenses paid for by mommy and daddy , being handed a car in your late teens and a number of other factors were a dominating contribution to their success . now people who brought themselves to the top 1 % out of the bottom 50 % ? that is a number i 'd like to see . i 'd wager it 's 0 . edit : when referring to upward mobility from middle class to 1 % in referring to household , not individual . 1 % starts at 700k . brain surgeons make 400k . throw in some investments and it is not unfeasable that someone whose parents pull in 120k can make it past the 700k mark later in life . it 's the .1 % 2.2 mil+ that can not attain that status without already being loaded .
clownhall . lol what a bunch of garbage .
bolton is busy jacking off over iran
i ca n't wait to see fox entire organization implode as the baby boomers die off and their viewerbase shrinks to the point of total collapse . tucker carlson is n't even 'evil ' , he 's just a complete idiot that would sell his first born for 5 retweets .
i hope it ’ s in that 3d where you have to cross your eyes in order for the bullshit to really fly off the page .
i ’ m not defending this guy , but i ’ m a liberal conservative . the republican party describes itself as “ liberal conservatism ” it ’ s not . the opposite of liberal is totalitarian , not conservative . wikipedia : liberal conservatism incorporates the classical liberal view of minimal government intervention in the economy , according to which individuals should be free to participate in the market and generate wealth without government interference . however , liberal conservatism also holds that individuals can not be thoroughly depended on to act responsibly in other spheres of life , therefore liberal conservatives believe that a strong state is necessary to ensure law and order and social institutions are needed to nurture a sense of duty and responsibility to the nation . they also support civil liberties , along with some social conservative positions . in europe liberal conservatism is the dominant form of contemporary conservatism and centreright politics .
french revolution was from an earlier age , had a far lower death toll than , say , the killing fields of cambodia , where a third of the population was wiped out by the khmer rouge , which is a more appropriate comparison . not to mention the mao and stalin memes . seriously , you had the whole 20th century and you chose 1794 ? killing millions of people is , generally , a bad look . still , because communism is an enlightenment ideology , it has a veneer of respectability in terms of perception .
he can , what will anyone do to stop him ? the courts are biased in favor of him and so is the senate and large swaths of the media .
so apt it hurts
i love you , dionne , but your employer needs to do better at making this known . they gave trump a shitload of free press in 2016 , and they 're doing it again now . the post , along with the times , need to wake the fuck up and stop treating trump like a normal president .
well , tbf , he is a moron ...
exactly
no , many people cared . his entire based loved it . the quote about not hurting the people he needs to hurt is a perfect summary of that entire base .
out of cotext . you guys are so easy .
i ’ m not surprised but i ’ m shocked ?
literally none of what you said about their education matters , they grew up incredibly wealthy . if everyone could buy their way through school/college/uni like the wealthy can then the certificates/titles would n't be worth the paper they are printed on . because only a small minority can do that , they are still seen as valuable . buy you should not extend that assumption to those that are able to and often do exploit the system .
removed
well there is a new nightmare
the short fingered vulgarian
of all the people to talk about qualifications , lol !
removed
deleted
thank god . the `` good guys '' are all over it . this is how america has stayed out of trouble in recent decades .
removed
& gt ; it was created and named after a man that signed the declaration of independence . a man who refused to sign , and named `` after '' him to mock him for being a craven . kind of like people who support the proposition now . `` it 's ok because it 's traditional '' is a craven way to justify tipping the scale in your favor ; or do you really think it 's `` representative democracy '' when a party loses by 10 % of the vote but still gets the majority of seats ?
i think she sounds like if you call a sex hotline and get the new girl on her first day of training . she tries to sound sexy but misses by a mile . her manner of speaking is awkward . all those pauses in the weirdest places .
msnbc are corporatists
i did n't defend a nork dictator . i asked a question . still waiting for an answer .
& gt ; did ... .did you read the article before calling me wrong ? ? yes ... .yes i did read the article before calling you wrong ? ? it says trades . hold you buy now and hold , do n't sell them dumbass 👍
bernie can excite both the youth and , if given the chance , the “ forgotten ” working class . biden has name recognition and little else .
& gt ; in any real way because conservatives respect it . you do n't actually believe this do you ?
her title is : “ i know who didn ’ t come to my required prayer circles in the morning ! read and find out who !
what ?
deleted
they don't . `` labor gluts '' are actually mismatches of aggregate demand .
use this link to protest against the pebble mine project
thank you .
cuz either the mods or bots who control this sub love to promote her for some reason .
i get to some extent it 's cringey ... . but with spanish , is there not a significant portion of us voters that are spanish speakers ? and on top of that ; is n't it also true that the usa does n't have an official language ? i mean , i get that it 's cringey when a politician ca n't speak spanish , but otherwise it seems like it 's not a bad idea . that 's my perspective anyway . but my country has two official languages , so i 'm sure to some extent that shapes my view . it seems like common sense if you want to communicate with your constituents , then you need to speak their language .
because self described progressives online are fucking morons
i ’ m considered right wing but this is some real assholery
did you see the philosophy tube on ben shapiro and abortion ? 🤯😻🙀
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
this is n't new . trump himself stated as much to bill o'reilly and putin murdering journalists . it 's pretty bad with bill o'reilly is the voice of sanity let alone decency ! text video & gt ; trump made the remark during an interview with fox news ' bill o'reilly , saying he respected his russian counterpart . & gt ; '' but he 's a killer , '' o'reilly said to trump . & gt ; '' there are a lot of killers . you think our country 's so innocent ? '' trump replied .
removed
deleted
removed
it says trades . hold you buy now and hold , do n't sell them👍
knowing that the job of vice president remains less than the value of a bucket of warm piss , buttigieg . castro has more to offer in policy and cabinet work than buttigieg does going back to being a mayor , and a ticket that can say it represents people of colour , women , out gay men and liberal christians is some real strength .
i am antiestablishment . i suppose i ’ m in the wrong place . seems to be a forum for celebrating the bourgeoisie .
you ignore him and press your case . the audience will see him for the idiot he is when you present a thought out answer and he presents a bumper sticker of gibberish . & gt ; never argue with an idiot . they will drag you down to their level and beat you with experience . mark twain
make better jokes dude .
she 's been in the senate for 2 years and that 's a senate that has done fuck all in those 2 years . cut the misleading shit out .
& gt ; convenient way to divide the working class you 're right to think of that as the biggest part . the solution to this is having someone charismatic enough to drown our the lies and build the bridge that sometimes pops up to divide the worker classes by race . few people can do that . some have tried . i think bernie sanders is very good on this point . i think bobby kennedy was good at this . i think barack obama was good at this . but , each person i mentioned has or had their own political agenda . if it 's truly an agenda that benefits the worker , then what a change that would be . until then , we 'll be fighting one another as each election cycle passes . ironically , working class people , regardless of social issues , tend to track the same way when it comes to economic issues . taking that into consideration and the current economic climate that hurts the working and lower middle class , then the time is ripe for a populist style reformer . the time was ripe during the clinton trump cycle , and trump played it up as a reformer . that 's why we have trump and not clinton . there is polling that backs my last statement .
they only have him so they can feel `` fair and balanced '' .
bernie seemingly had the same argument for opposing busing .
let 's do neither and work on the deficit .
1 context is in the article 2 i 'm a huge believer in context mattering but i really want you to think and tell me a context where this is an okay thing to say ? is it when the people are not white ?
my brain tells me that would have been impossible , that you 're somehow exaggerating the situation ... but your comparison is actually generous in assuming maddow . even to an impartial viewer maddow is more balanced and fact based ; less driven by emotion and confrontation . when does maddow go on a rant about privileged republicans ?
`` nobody knows more about stupid . we 're like the kings . we love stupid . '' the moonie times
and your hair 's so big because it 's full of secrets .
i will pirate that and seed it online for decades .
thanks for sharing the spanish version . beat me to it . synonymous term : `` pena ajena '' someone else 's shame / embarrassment
wasn ’ t ted cruz supposedly like a debate savant at princeton ? because this is cringy bullshit
fair enough . thanks for providing this .
what part of `` killing citizens with drones without due process '' was unclear to you ?
& gt ; bowtie models that 's legit insulting to a man who can pull off a bowtie . i like bowties . tucker carlson just looks like a turd in a suit jacket .
i know you are joking but somehow i am still offended , louis theroux is my god .
`` my heritage colleagues have drafted a playbook with reasonable spending caps and elimination of scores of wasteful and obsolete programs that would bring us to a balanced budget without taxes . '' so you do n't have to click and i bet all the dollars in my pockets what they want to target is anything that is not money for them .
you forgot aliens , no alien attacks the whole time he 's been potus but does msm media credit him for that ? !
deleted
do n't forget the torture !
that 's in the video i posted from smn on carlson 🤗😎
i wasnt arguing , i just asked if you heard his side of the story . thats when you told me that you werent interested .
his plan also includes `` joking '' about committing nuclear holocaust .
you were never supposed to get to the level they are shouting that from you were just supposed to think you could .
let 's remember the time donald trump cashed a 13¢ check sent to him as a prank i 'm chock full of these .
horrible president ? just because the media and the left say that he is , does n't make him one .
deleted
he should not have lost his contract . that ’ s an excellently simple political cartoon . the best ones are an _oof ! _ to the stomach .
meghan mccain , take notes .
deleted
what a douche
the gay rights movement was done slowly and begrudgingly . the women 's equality movement was a part of the civil rights movement . and your last point proves the point i was making earlier ; a black man becoming president is enough for you to stop and say everything is okay .
you support children being taken from their families and put in cages so that the rich can get tax cuts . nice job being their tool .
you think he 's going to pass up an opportunity to be on tv ? puhleeze .
some latin countries have a phrase for it `` pena ajena '' or second hand embarrassment
no this is how bolton drives us directly into war .
one can only hope the signs start showing . these people need a wake up call . and it seems the only way that will happen is if the economy collapses .
thanks to to st. ronald reagan .
for her entire time as da harris was positive on the prospect of legalization , including releasing a report highlighting the potential benefits it would have on the state . incidentally i see you constantly spamming antikamala screeds any time her name comes up around here .
literally anything trump does r/politics will be against it . he could come out tomorrow as gay and trans and liberals would start posting and upvoting homophobic and transphobic articles on here .
& gt ; how we pay for this and other programs is the focus of my interest . i get that , but you 're suggesting a tax which is nominally progressive is regressive , which is incorrect . it certainly could be more progressive and , depending on which combination of funding options were chosen , the overall package might well be more progressive than just the payroll tax , if the payroll tax were included in the final package at all , but that does n't make it regressive . doubly so given that it 's more progressive than the status quo . & gt ; imho holitic income tax reform and a vat have to happen before we can do a program like this . do n't get me wrong , i 'd be in favor of some pretty serious tax reform , but you know the old saying about how to eat an elephant , right ? one bite at a time . we should worry about the thing literally killing people first that 's just the basics of triage .
he 's going to spend more on his second inauguration .
he thinks `` eastern liberalism '' is new york .
deleted
removed
wait , is n't that how nascar is set up ?
ya it will be why we lose the election .
well i have a 148 iq ... and run my own business.. also ive been a type 1 diabetic since i was two years old .
anything short of a stretch in prison is and abdication of justice . naturally , we can expect something less than a stretch in prison .
you are describing a city
& gt ; when they are almost always the perpetrators source ? citation ? i see antifa left wing attacking and throwing milkshakes at people on the streets . i 'd like to see proof for this statement : `` they political right wing are almost always the perpetrators '' .
who is the irresponsible wretch that typed this headline ?
not like they can read
correction legal definition of murder
& gt ; have there been reports of children shot at these camps ? nope , just death from malnutrition , and lack of care , including poor hygiene . just like in 1940 's germany ! & gt ; edit : novelist\ and holocaust survivor . 1st part does n't make him an expert . 2nd part there are more than a few survivors so , yeah . gon na need more than just one guy .
they all lied in astoundingly different ways that mueller could n't indict any of them because he had no means determining what the truth was they lied about , just that none of them lied the same lies .
removed
why
when people show you who they are , believe them .
sure , but one can hope
bet she wishes she was a successful business woman .
you can ’ t say such truths here you ’ ll be banned edit : this is a joke i ’ m liberal.. plz don ’ t hurt me
removed
it was hoo ?
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
man , the garbage just keeps rolling in .
in that case , it has made most if not all the 24 candidates `` unnecessary '' ...
never trust trump
i can control my service cost . taxes generally only go up and is not something i can control . why not let me pay less for a high deductible / lower coverage plan . or pay more for better coverage
while that ’ s fairish , i ’ d still prefer to hear it directly from a politician . i ’ m not so interested in making assumptions based off of the words of a right leaning news outlet the same way it ’ d be somewhat inaccurate to nail down the opinions of the left by quoting msnbc .
removed
calm down ben shapiro . all you talk about is muh “ facts ” but you don ’ t know jack shit .
right because benghazi was worthy of a special counsel investigation . it is tiring trying to keep up with this . it was a better time when the propaganda was used on our enemy not us .
removed
hi ` aslan_is_on_the_move ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : your headline must be comprised only of the exact copied and pasted headline of the article see our rule here . we recommend not using the reddit 'suggest a title ' as it may not give the exact title of the article . the all caps and 'breaking ' rule is applied even when the actual title of the article is in all caps or contains the word 'breaking' . this rule may be applied to other single word declarative and/or sensational expressions , such as 'exclusive : ' or 'hot : ' . click here for more details if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
that ’ s true , we can always hope
removed
thanks for mentioning them .
make a thread about forgiving people ’ s medical debts and see the difference in responses . see if you can figure out why that would be .
removed
& gt ; cosmetic surgery lol what fucking health insurance policy covers cosmetic surgery ? almost none . so your point is moot .
idk if you 're joking or not , but assuming so , `` lol . ''
removed
i think you nailed it except i do n't think trump himself believes he has a problem .
i ’ m sorry , but you must vote for whatever democrat gets nominated or reconcile the fact that you cast a half vote for trump . you ’ re not voting for a president . you ’ re voting to save your democracy .
that 's what royalty was . crooked long enough that people forgot it 's history .
full quote & gt ; it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . & gt ; “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr carlson added “ but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with. ” he ’ s was lauding trump ’ s nonpolitical way of dealing with countries by being brutally honest about the fact that some of our friends saudi arabia , pakistan for instance are run by bad people as well . carlson goes on to say it ’ s often not a choice of dealing with good vs bad but rather bad vs worse , which is true . he then pointed out that north korea is a serious degree worse , however . i don ’ t agree that there ’ s anything to appreciate about trump ’ s approach to diplomacy . but if this is a defense of north korea by carlson , it ’ s a really , really bad one .
imagine some talking head idiot from cnn accompanying obama to something like this
making an omelet requires the imprisonment/murder of dissidents and the subjugation of an entire country under a brutal regime ? i 'm not a professional chef or anything , but that doesnt seem right .
even out of context his statement isn ’ t crazy ...
removed
he thinks he 's in california
hell , just add a spouse and two college debts ... do n't even need kids . `` stupid millennials are n't buying houses ! '' yeah , no shit , because they 've got a mortgage 's worth of student debt thanks to gingrich and co brokering sallie mae going private forprofit .
this guy is nuts
you must subscribe to the trump school of dumbassery . putin said it was n't him , so i believe him ! tucker said he was n't defending nk , even though a third grader can hear him defend them in the same sentence , so i believe him ! carlson sure knows his gullible audience .
& gt ; look man , nazis are disguising . they 're pieces of shit , horrible people . & gt ; & gt ; but at the same time , we have to be realistic . a lot people like to hate jews . most countries hate jews . a lot of our allies hate jews . i 'm just saying , we should n't dismiss people just because they hate jews . holy shit this is ridiculous . you really think making comparisons using nazis makes your logic any less faulty ? your entire point here is meaningless because it makes the same error as the clickbait headline : it separates the quote from its context . in context , tucker is defending the fact that trump is even talking to kim at all . if your ridiculous example had the same context , it would also be reasonable to a certain extent . in fact , its exactly what the us did . we engaged diplomatically with nazi germany up until we were at war with them , not because we wanted to , but because that 's how international politics work . & gt ; but why even mention that a lot of countries commit attrocities ? because he 's excusing our diplomatic talks with north korea . that 's what this is about .
tucker carlson seems to be fairly antiwar
deleted
removed
vulnerable to google and facebook , not russia . remember russia with its rag tag team of trolls who posted `` jesus armwrestles the devil '' memes and changed the course of human history ? no , i think the megacorporations that are straight out of alien , final fantasy vii , and blade runner who have outed themselves as partisan players is more terrifying than russia . google knows more about you than you do . google knows what you look up , what you laugh at , what porn you watch , where you are , and when you set your alarm to go to bed . big tech has the traits of god omnipresence , omnipotence , and omniscience . you guys are worried about ivan in commieblock # 10 in siberia , in a country with the economy the size of canadas .
i like how you omitted the quote this article is talking about
`` the woman who staged a photo op in a parking lot now has the floor . ''
trump is the state . he 's literally the head of the state .
he is suffering from a brain hemorrhage as a result of the attack this is a video of the same protest there people were being attacked with crow bars . this mans skull was split open in what possible world do you think this is okay ?
yes , they do . liberals support state regulation of economics , which is only equal to violence if your entire poitical beliefs can be summarized by `` taxes are theft because men with guns come and take your money '' . conservatives tend to like actual violence wars , capital punishment , police being tough with people . and yes , authoritarian states , like venezuela , love violence . but no , those authoritarian states are nothing close to liberals , unless again your understanding of the liberal philosophy comes entirely from fox news .
this paper is literal bullshit and barely stays afloat .
deleted
removed
there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world . it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . not on the scale the north koreans do . but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with. ” that 's not condoning north korea . i loathe tucker but this headline and this attitude is disingenuous .
antifa are fascists and they brutalise , censor and attack those who think differently to themselves .
thank you for doing god ’ s work
& gt ; harris , booker and even someone like klobuchar would have been considered firebrand liberals 10 years ago . booker was a moderate who supported charter schools and other things ten years ago.. they were centrist pulled to the left .
provide that quote please . we will all patiently wait .
deleted
removed
tucker trying to justify what their base what 's to do to everyone that does n't agree with their conservative worldview . this is normalization .
ugh .
to be fair , the us air force measures a lot of things in imperial units , much to the confusion and chagrin of the us army forces working with them .
hey look , ted cruz made a funny
burn
she really does seem to be well positioned to be the consensus candidate . people keep trying to spread fud about her time as da , but she has been one of the most progressive senators and would be considerably left of obama 's administration . we could do far , far worse . edit : i ca n't read headlines good .
veteran here . i am quite active in both political and veteran communities and there is a significant overlap for a number of reasons . it is increasingly harder for the stereotypical 'grumpy old white guy ' vietnam vet , small town infantry guy , etc to just circle the wagons and continue to not care , to keep toeing the line and repeat some offhand shtick . what remains are the actual racists , xenophobes , etc and it will take quite a bit to reach them and the people culture that molded them . too many people are dead and wounded , too many people can see the writing on the wall , too many lies and crimes and promises broken , too many times we look at the flag and wince , knowing we 're again not just the butt of jokes bush jr but now we 've lost much of what we had in the international stage . too many people can see the times we are in are just wrong not 'we are in a simple disagreement ' but just wrong . i 'm not saying 'oh the military is becoming blue : ' a i speak frequently about 'the military ' not being a singular monolithic entity and b trump and the gop as they are now are n't recognizable to many people as compared to what they believed in when they took the oath . lines have been crossed that need to be addressed . we still have a long way to go before the next election but in my experiences so far trump has made no new friends and turned away a lot of old ones . most of the remaining supporters are a lot quieter/more passive now outside of their social media postings or bumper stickers until they get back to their safe spaces .
as long as you realize the fool that you are , i 've accomplished what needs to be accomplished .
hi ` jsalsman ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason : already submitted : this article has been submitted to /r/politics within the last three days : i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
wtf that ’ s not what he ’ s saying at all did you even read the article before you started whoring for karma in the comments ?
this is the war is peace subreddit
imo the story here is that she is picking up momentum by having these caucus members endorse her while still relatively early in the primary .
the real problem is n't trump ; it 's the voting public . you 've got 40 % roughly of the country who do n't give a shit what he does policywise ; he 's racist as fuck , and that 's why they like him . plus a weird , wavering few percentage points who ca n't decide if they 're racist enough to vote for him . then , the electoral college steps in to make sure racism is equally represented against the majority . how do you be a democrat in a debate against trump ? i honestly have no idea . i 'd feel confident personally debating every other president during my lifetime hw bush , clinton , w. bush , obama , but when you 're in a sea of people who appear to genuinely hate helping their own impoverished selves , a political climate where people put racism ahead of their own lifesustaining needs because they somehow assume they 'll always be taken care of because they 're white , you 're in a situation that i guess makes no sense to anyone in authority but trump ; `` these people want to give up their government benefits to hurt minorities ? fuck it , i 'm in . ''
i have no idea how thats even slightly relevant ? did you respond to the wrong comment or something ?
knowing dt and his own history of trafficking and child rape ... yeah .
i hope you have a junker since republicantz are so open to dialogue .
dude , me and you both know that the president has final call on any military action taken overseas . do n't act like they just did this shit behind his back , they did n't . obama did n't `` rein in '' anything because he wanted it to happen
particularly when only one side references facts
too bad these dictators would want to start a war more if he were a different president .
deleted
what good is education if everyone has an advanced degree . there is nothing that separates the someone from the rest .
deleted
your submission ` pharma & amp ; insurance gave $ 36m to the 33 senate democrats not backing medicare for all ` was automatically removed because ` gritpost.com ` is not on our approved source whitelist . r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source . domains must : be notable , as defined by our domain notability guidelines . notable domains will consist of news organizations , research organizations , political advocacy groups , governmental agencies / bodies , and political parties . contain articles , videos or soundclips relevant to current us politics contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source . be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey . if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist , please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us . however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form , we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account . if you submit a spam domain via the form , your account may be reported to the site administrators . to submit a domain for approval use this form and follow the instructions provided i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah , only reporting a misleading sentence isn ’ t fake news because it doesn ’ t match the definition . how can you be that delusional ?
the “ american dream ” is nothing more than propaganda . always has been . pretty much nobody who says “ pull yourself up by your bootstraps ” actually cares if it ’ s possible . it ’ s all about selling the idea that it ’ s possible , so that people don ’ t get too angry at the system . give them a little sliver of hope .
oh she knows it already . she can run her mouth and get all crazyeyed as much as she wants right now because she has nothing to risk . she does n't realize all her social media monkeyshines are great for building her profile , but bad for the party .
mike wallace showing through there .
removed
the logical reason for bussing is/was to achieve educational parity between different districts since funding is often driven by property taxes and inner cities are usually poorer and have more minorities coincidently or not than urban areas . if you ca n't achieve parity any other way then this makes sense . if you 're asking me if i would be ok with busing in order to remedy the situation , i would . from a common sense perspective , it would probably be more efficient to shift money from one district to another or have slush funds and save everyone time on travel , feul costs , etc but even states who sided with ferguson in the `` seperate but equal '' case could n't be bothered to uphold the equal part since of course they did n't really care about anyone who was n't white and thus the forced busing after brown v board of education .
removed
it will take forcing him to lay out details of his plan which he wo n't be able to do , then contrast it with a highly detailed outline . he 'll just scream and wail and bs his way through , but if the substance of his opponent 's message is put forth , he ca n't stand a chance .
give it time . truth prevails .
she has a degree from bu cum laude , worked as intern for senator kennedy , worked on the sanders campaign , and has been an activist for several different causes . she might not have the normal lawyer background of most politicians , but she has plenty of experience working on social causes she has spent her entire left getting where she is on her own merit .
& gt ; '' '' the america i grew up with '' and `` the america i knew '' if i 'm being honest here . '' it 's good to know that other people see this as well . this `` '' the america i grew up with '' is the same as `` make america great again '' ! donald trump did n't start a single thing . the only difference between he and the more established politicians is that he 's not savvy enough to mask it . clinton would n't have been better , she 's just smart enough to mask the truth . the `` comfortable '' as i call them , are up in arms because they have to `` see '' what this country is all about , they would prefer to nap and just let `` washington '' handle things . no matter what , they 'll be fine . trump 's america is the only one i 've ever known . this is n't new , just harder for the comfortable to dismiss and ignore .
in fact , this is notable because until now most of the cbc endorsements had gone to the decidedly not black joe biden .
aoc is actually pretty smart . she was an excellent student . so there ...
when is anyone not ?
like jess jackson , jr ?
socialism doesn ’ t magically protect against poverty . and a welfare state is one form of social democracy . regardless , when responding to trolls like incelarmie i assume that they are referring to the gop idea of “ socialism ”
oh yeah . they ’ re proceeding super favorably for nk . trump has legitimized the kim regime while weakening our stance in the region . all to get his stupid fat fucking face on a commemorative coin . awesome . way to go . the idea that he is doing anything with the country ’ s best interest in mind is absolutely laughable .
nobody in their right fucking mind will work for trump ’ s administration , as they know fullwell what they ’ d be buying into , and it would simply be about keeping trump “ happy ” ... or you lose your job . so the u.s. is left with idiots , suckups and grifters to fill vitally important government positions .
the aca cost them seats because a it was a huge compromise instead of the single payer system it should have been , people were unhappy it did n't go far enough . and b the democrats did n't fight for it in the media and stand up for it . they ran from it and apologized and hoped people would n't talk about it . and guess what happened , we got past the ugly transition and now the aca is so popular republicans with control of both houses and the presidency could n't overturn it . and democrats are winning elections over it when they actually ran on it and touted it instead of hiding from it . this is what democrats need to do . make bold uncompromising plans to improve the real everyday lives of americans . fight like hell to make it reality . defend it strongly and make sure everyone knows what they really passed , what it really means , and why it 's really good . that is how you progress . not by being timid with half measures and accepting the oppositions bullshit premises like that democrats are going to take away people 's healthcare that they like . that 's a straight up lie . they are going to provide better coverage than you currently have for less cost . the fact that you do n't get to keep your more expensive less effective plan in the process is not exactly the same as `` taking away something you like '' .
& gt ; replaces it with ~~the same~~ a worse thing ftfy
i ’ d say someone who ’ s worked a real blue collar job would be a good representative for myself .
deleted
i 'm asking you what this hypothetical situation is about . because the details matter . we have a historical example with afghanistan which has been at war for most of its modern history . but who the us military would be fighting on us soil is very much speculation .
dorito mussolini
wow ... just ... wow ... . like i said . review you ad/as model and note that shifts off the long run aggregate supply curve are fleeting , largely based on mismatches between inflation and expectations . by the way , labor gluts certainly do exist . when an economy has a more capital intensive structure which is generally accompanied by a higher natural rate of unemployment , there are typically more people looking for work . if that labor utilization produces steady wages , it 's not inflationary . when labor utilization increases , the cost of labor typically does as well , creating an inflationary impact . when pricing expectations return to normal , hiring return to normal .
democrats do n't have the spine to run the attack ads .
yes , any progressive who stays home because they do n't like biden is not a true progressive , because the vote ceded to trump is a vote against women 's choice and a vote for banning abortion .
these are not normal people they have associations with russians ... they 're psychopaths .
deleted
i ca n't imagine a bigger waste of $ 4.99 .
they are normalizing fascism
it ’ s called compassion gop .
`` why do n't people like me ? ''
breaking news : tucker carlson new nominee for secretary of state
ah , the sisterhood ! highly selective based on the circumstances eh ?
& gt ; let 's call the fascists posing as antifa what they are : fantifa . no , that would just be `` antifa '' .
fuck yeah and spread your donor dollars around . a little research can go a long way . i 'd say i 'll probably drop about 200300 bucks on candidates i respect from all over the place . that way , come election day , i can hopefully say i 've endorsed a number of winners who i know represent my values and views . donating to 1012 people around the country makes me feel a lot more involved and less bound to the concerns that only affect my own world . i donate to my local folks , but i also like to help people in places where the need may be greater .
and ? do you have anything else to address instead of the post ?
yes more illegals will cross the border expecting treatment if we set that precedent that anyone and everyone will get treated and it ’ s absolutely unfair to those that are trying to enter the country legally . idk why you said “ don ’ t say more illegals will come ” . mate that ’ s the whole point . the whole point of health insurance for our country is for our own citizens and for people that come here legally . it ’ s like you ’ re deliberately missing the point
dorito mussolini
yeah , he 's dead or in shockingly good hiding .
i do n't approve of a lot of things jesse jackson has done , but i do approve of him supporting mayor pete
oh god no , not again , did noone learn from 2016 ? everyone needs to have this settled by hawaii .
that was just a terrible argument . you need more edge and quirky it humor .
na he came back alive .
man , i wish those who wrote the constitution had written literally anything else that might tell us their views on the matter and what they possibly thought about the common man owning firearms ... unfortunately they all lost the ability to write , so the world may never know what they were thinking . obviously , the men who just fought a tyrannical government wrote into the bill of rights that the government , via militias , has the right to own guns , not the people , in a list of individual rights for the people that the government should never infringe upon . it 's so plainly obvious ! why does n't everyone see that the founders clearly did n't want individual people to own firearms ? oh wait , they did retain the ability to write : & gt ; “ where is the difference between having our arms in our possession and under our own direction , and having them under the management of congress ? if our defense be the real object of having those arms , in whose hands can they be trusted with more propriety , or equal safety to us , as in our own hands ? ” – patrick henry , 1836 & gt ; “ no free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms. ” – thomas jefferson , 1776 & gt ; “ to preserve liberty it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms , and be taught alike , especially when young , how to use them… ” – richard henry lee , 1788 & gt ; “ the great object is , that every man be armed . every one who is able may have a gun. ” – patrick henry , 1788 & gt ; '' what country can preserve its liberties if their rulers are not warned from time to time that their people preserve the spirit of resistance . let them take arms. ” – thomas jefferson , 1787 & gt ; “ and that the said constitution be never construed to authorize congress to infringe the just liberty of the press , or the rights of conscience ; or to prevent the people of the united states , who are peaceable citizens , from keeping their own arms ” – samuel adams , 1788 & gt ; “ who are the militia ? are they not ourselves ? is it feared , then , that we shall turn our arms each man against his own bosom . congress have no power to disarm the militia . their swords , and every other terrible implement of the soldier , are the birthright of an american… t he unlimited power of the sword is not in the hands of either the federal or state governments , but , where i trust in god it will ever remain , in the hands of the people. ” – rep. tench coxe , 1788 & gt ; “ i ask , who are the militia ? they consist now of the whole people , except a few public officers. ” – george mason , 1788
well if you do n't believe what he says , maybe you 'd like to share your deep insider information .
removed
or they 'll be `` elections '' like in russia .
i think youre either over analyzing or completely misinterpreting this . carlson has always been vehemently against north korea . he rails against it all the time . hes just responding to criticism that some people believe you should have no negotiations with these governments , which is ridiculous
oh gross
for what in return ? nk is a horribly repressive regime and has done nothing to change that or reduce its nuclear stockpile . trump has no plan besides a photo op .
i have not previously seen this , but it is truly amazing . despite the surface level stupidity , there is a much more sinister implication being pushed , which is the demonetization of the french revolution . y'know , a revolution that overthrew monarchy and sought to replace it with democracy . y'know , a corner stone of american values . edit : here 's the innuendo studio video on the origins of conservatism that is worth watching .
please read the aquariums of pyongyang any government endorsing that behavior are not our buddies just crackin an egg or two to make an omelette , they are enemies of global human rights . also , fuck tucker carlson always and forever
removed
can this post just be a rant about tucker carlson ? i 'm sick of hearing his loaded questions along with his obstinance to accept anything that follows his predisposed beliefs ring through the halls of my home with my dad cheering . god , he 's awful . i know he was a sexual abuser and all that , but i miss the days where bill o'reilly did n't try to push an agenda through everything he did , where he listened to critics , and , most importantly , listened to both sides interviewed obama in a respectful manner , said that he put forth an image of responsibility . and then there 's tucker , who just stares dumbfounded at anything that 's slight democratic in idea .
qanon deep in this one boys
i know it ’ s superficial but look at the hair on these two fuckwads .
any body bags ?
meh , it 's still very early .
tl ; dr ?
removed
and how does that stop rapists and demean their actions ? by being factually correct and shaking their hands because it happens to others ?
those kids are lazy grifters , even lazier than trump . they 're gon na continue to be conservative talking heads and grifters but never do any real work .
deleted
removed
you know how in all the political thrillers , three letter agencies take out dissidents world abroad and it 's all hush hush ? my guess is that for carlson , speaking on behalf of trump , is basically saying that they 'd like to do that openly . because this thing , this statement , is the thing that 's said quietly , out loud . it 's seriously messed up and has very dangerous implications domestically and abroad longterm if left unchecked .
murkowski , sullivan and young are on the right side . it should be fairly evaluated before taking a side . there seems to be a huge disconnect as to what the permitting process is , it ’ s one of the most rigorous environmental protection policies in the world . even the nrdc calls it “ the magna carta of environmental law ” .
& gt ; '' i suspect people all over the country who are watching this debate are saying , these are good people , they have great ideas . but how come nothing really changes ? how come for the last 45 years wages have been stagnant for the middle class ? how come we have the highest rate of childhood poverty ? how come 45 million people still have student debt ? how come three people own more wealth than the bottom half of america ? the answer is that nothing will change unless we have the guts to take on wall street , the insurance industry , the pharmaceutical industry , the militaryindustrial complex , and the fossil fuel industry . if we do n't have the guts to take them on , we 'll continue to have plans , we 'll continue to have talk , and the rich will get richer , and everybody else will be struggling . ''
this is epically brilliant ! ! bravo !
& gt ; being handed a car in your late teens this is an irrelevant point since a significant portion of america has terrible public transportation .
i think the whole statement is still pretty bad . and maybe we should n't be so closely allied with countries that commit atrocities .
im a tucker carlson fan and i 'm still scratching my head . did he smoke something ? lol ...
even if revenues are higher which i seriously doubt , they 're doing nothing to pay down the debt . obama was paying his down 8 % a month in his last year .
maybe because people who heard about this really great candidate are realizing for the first time that he 's only a mayor .
man , i do n't like to advocate violence against an adversary , but does tuck understand that he just greenlit himself ? or is that the whole point ?
my first thought . i could puke .
bush may have been bad but he wasn ’ t close to what we ’ ve seen out of trump
i ’ m glad she was caught on camera showing how idiotic she is and someone took the time to share it with the world
an accusation is not a conviction and should not be treated as such . on the other hand i would not be surprised if these accusations were true .
ladies and gentleman : we got them .
the right is obsessed with her .
man , that sounds like a really neat conspiracy theory . you should post about it on the sub with the frog pictures that 's filled with morons .
heh , that 's how it always seems to go with reddit 's `` conservative firebrands '' , is n't it ? downvotes are proof that you 're speaking truth to power . so are upvotes . there is no circumstance where you have to be selfcritical about anything . anyone could argue anything against you and it would be meaningless , because you 've already decided that all possible outcomes mean you 're right . anyway , this whole thing is about tucker carlson and north korea . do you have anything to add about either of those things ? anything at all ?
if you don ’ t support warren or biden you ’ re a neoliberal corporate nazi on this sub , it ’ s so fucking toxic . this sub is an embarrassment
once again , fuck the gop and all its traitor enablers ! that ’ s you , voters !
it 's way worse in its entirety .
she has a degree in international relations pretty relevant to political science and economics pretty relevant to finance . she literally went to college and got two degrees that directly relate to politics and finance . you picked the two things in the world that she is objectively qualified for . how did you fuck up this badly ?
removed
not saying she ’ s dumb . i can ’ t possibly know her intelligence but she sure looks super dumb
removed
so he takes another idiot instead ?
hi ` elysianfeels ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : out of date : /r/politics is for current us political news and information that has been published within the the last calendar month . for example , if the date is january 29 and the article submitted was written before december 29 , then the submission is out of date . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
removed
lmao . yea that 's it .
enthusiastically swallow it also comes to mind .
hahahah . says you ... .habahaha
deleted
good luck out there in iowa , the work you do there in the early stages of the election is so important to the entire country . i do n't think it 's hyperbole to say that if it was n't for iowa , we would n't have gotten obama in 08 .
but some are also calling for updated machines ? wouldnt that also work , given our technological capabilities ?
i just wish they 'd go find a room . exhibitionism is ok as a kink , but not my thing .
i wonder how he thinks the gop clown car steers ? everything is projection with the gop .
then have the democrat debate an empty chair . normally it would be tacky but if they get him to say he 'll debate and he backs out , it would be poignant .
right now biden is polling the highest with black americans . i think harris is second , with sanders also polling well .
what do palestinians want ? they were offered land in 2000 . they say `` no . '' they are offered money now . they say `` no . '' would anything other than complete destruction of israel satisfy ?
to be fair , trump needs to take the advisor he ’ ll actually listen to .
this is the third time the man has run for president . in each case , he tripped over his own dick and did n't even come close to the finish line . here 's what he had to say about his decision not to run in 2016 . it 's obvious that he really wants to be president . i 'm sure the idea of humble hero joe biden responding to the fervent cries of we the people is comforting to you , but that 's just not what this is , dude .
i 'm glad you understand cum laude can not be purchased and in addition aoc comes from a wealthy family and attended private schools . so again she 's very similar to ivanka .
i agree with you , but those were n't the points of the article or the comment i responded to .
deleted
i mean that no matter how good the plan is , if you do not look at why people get sick so much , it might not do as good as you would like .
removed
removed
that 's the opposite of what we need right now . i 'll just vote for the guy who has been fighting the good fight for decades and hope others do the same . it 's bernie
interesting that the cbc is committed `` to ensure that african americans and other marginalized communities in the united states have the opportunity to achieve the american dream . '' given this i assume they are now quite occupied with the border crisis .
hey hey hey hey hey hey hey . i ’ m very liberal like very liberal i just don ’ t appreciate how sanders divided democrats in 2016
you don ’ t even know what you are talking about
you tell me . you just said it ?
anyone who would willingly marry trump for the money is going to have some seriously skewed priorities . that kid is fucked .
wow ... shaming someone for actually working for a living . hahaha
& gt ; could you imagine the high pitched squealing i do n't have to . all you folks here on r/politics are doing it lol .
if you do n't mind some sleepless nights , look up what a vacuum metastability event is . fun for the whole family .
deleted
removed
and a significant portion of america also ca n't easily finance a secondary vehicle for their children . at least not in the last 15 years .
i grew up as an american military brat and going from that to civilian life feels the same .
let 's get real specific about her brand of `` positive '' . & gt ; she opted not to join in other states ’ attempts to take marijuana off the dea ’ s list of most dangerous substances . when obama raided california ’ s medical marijuana dispensaries , harris put out an empty statement . when asked about legalizing recreational marijuana in 2012 , only a week after the new york times endorsed national legalization and less than a year before she started warning about the failure of the war on drugs . harris laughed . as was the case with respect to the threestrikes law , her 2014 republican opponent ran to her left on the issue . you act like the msm are n't spamming her all around . did you see the fawning fluff piece on her new jacket ? too bad we ca n't have a policy discussion and instead talk about meaningless endorsements . what 's your best criticism of jacobin 's piece , the source of the above quote ?
the multicellular cruz , who has always been multicellular and eukaryotic ! loves these pithy anectdotes he gets from his nucleus .
yes but emergency rooms are not going to lower their prices once this takes effect .
removed
& gt ; handbags made in sweatshops in ~~foreign countries.~~ & amp ; # x200b ; china , with a tariff exemption of course
removed
yo wtf man this is /r/politics , we do n't read articles here
removed
& gt ; 3.6 roentgens do n't google it do you even know what a roentgen is ? or who roentgen was ?
if you ca n't understand the difference between bias and disinformation , then that 's on you .
no problem , i can understand why you would think i was saying that .
ya beat me to it . i think this is the only way and , realistically , the best chance to truly debate without devolving into him pulling a shitshow tantrum .
deleted
nobody is for open borders
sure , how about 3am ? i ’ ll let you know the moment i finish . i ’ ll even rewind it for you
removed
he 's also the candidate most likely to make shit deals and give us trump 2.0 in 2024 . but he 's being propped up by corporate interests because his long record against consumer protections , against personal bankruptcy corporate bankruptcy is ok though , pro student debt , and single handedly saving the majority of the bush tax cuts as vp when literally every other dem wanted them to expire while also completely fucking over the democrats negotiating position for the remainder of obama 's presidency in one move . oh he still thinks leaving civil rights up to the states is aokay ! wait , how is this guy a democrat again ?
and that may be true but good on him for not falling into line behind the hannity henchmen
never trust trump
not only qualified , the one motherfucker who had the balls to fight for the average man . he was pivotal in cases against one of the biggest unions in america . along with taking down roy cohen and the red scare antics .
& gt ; ca is n't as liberal as people think . oh , and you know what , upstate new york is also very conservative , so new york is n't as liberal as people think given that there are a handful of people who live outside of the 8 million people in nyc who are conservative .
bolton is a warhawk , not even the conservatives trust him . he 's a neocon and we 've seen what that leads to with bush . nope . hence trump 's restraint in iran as well . keep your friends close , and your enemies closer .
i think i want my money back , carl weathers .
too many of them have come out and said they prefer anybody including warren to sanders for anybody to honestly believe what you 're saying .
she pulled herself up by her bootstraps and won the election . why are you against the american dream ?
that makes no sense
as soon as she won . i respected her until she did that completely silly photo op for attention . so embarrassing . anybody that thinks she was using that to ‘ draw attention ’ to anything other than her self is delusional . the story is has been talked about every day for months , she ’ s just another shameless politician just like the rest of them
if that 's the case , there are significantly better ways to express those frustrations than snarky hot takes on dogshit conservative opinion pieces .
removed
removed
ive seen the videos , theyre the type of thing you dont forget . in either scenario , he knew he was close to death and he was begging for his life , in a situation nk contrived . those videos fit into both theories , not proof of one over the other . the same goes for the medical records . even if it showed asphyxiation or drowning , those are both potential methods of suicide or torture . where are you getting this `` he didnt even make it to the labor camp '' shit ? and why are you so sure that north korea just wanted to scare him , and not serve out the sentence ? and ya , your final point , alot of north koreans lives were on the line to make sure their supreme leaders will be done . for my theory to be right , supreme leaders will was done and otto was harmed in some way that put him in a coma . for your theory to be right , a whole lot of north koreans were negligent enough to let that happen , preventing supreme leaders will for being done , knowing theyd be killed for it . idk i feel like in your theory , otto is one of the most important poker chips to nk , behind the nuke , yet they took their eyes off him long enough he hung himself in his cell ? it doesnt make sense . oh and no they didnt spend 2 million taking care of him , trump had the us tax payers pick up the bill for this situation that nk contrived p.s . thanks for chatting with me
and i guess you just like the taste of your own farts .
medina money is all tech . warren has vowed to break up tech , so never .
he did not disrespect any bald eagle . if you ’ re referring to his photoop with time , the editors agreed on the fact that he was not aware nor trained on how to properly act around the birds . it lashed out in defense even though president trump meant no harm .
ya . my dad is rich af and i do n't remember the last time i had a genuine conversation with him . these fuckers are a crazy and fake af and get their validation from their money and praise from subordinates . they lie and say whatever they want because people enable them .
i ’ m not sure it ’ s just the right because she ’ s constantly blasted across all media outlets including altleft outlets like cnn and msnbc . but yes the right also has an obsession with her because she embodies all we believe a modern lefty is
because classically that ’ s not how it ’ s done ... .i mean i ’ m not sure if even most of congressmen have ever been in local , county or state offices before they were elected . frankly i find it hard to say that representative should be anything but relatively normal citizens that are passionate about politics . but instead usually our politicians are lawyers , and lawyers are not representative of the citizens of this country . they are vastly over represented as in sure there could maybe even should be some lawyers there but not 80 % of them . the normal argument is that lawyers have unique knowledge about laws so would be the best to write them . i find this terrible reasoning . lawyer want to make laws that give lawyers more work and jobs . and most congressmen don ’ t even actually write the laws anyway , and all of them have staff . i want my representative to be smart and have knowledge of how their constituents actually live . and a bartender from nyc actually is more representative of the bronx than any lawyer out there . i ’ m not even sure local offices is really much like a congressmen ’ s job . however , the potus should have actual experience in leadership , this would be governor , mayor or army . not simply business because their goals are vastly separated from governments goals generally speaking . and the way leadership is done in business is different than in politics generally , especially if you have no shareholders other than yourself , people employees don ’ t argue with owners who can ’ t be fired to much regardless of how stupid their plan is , this is not true in politics . there is a reason why there is a lot of legislators and only one president/governor/mayor .
that 's not true . the usefulness of your degree absolutely relates to debt accrued . many businesses even offer scharlarships in which they will pay chunks if not all education in a field they can use . and at the very least you will be better positioned to break out of debt with an in demand work than the one who followed their heart instead of what 's practical . k12 is a joke . so much money spent on a terrible system that does n't even adequately prepare people for life as adults . so you feel that services rendered should not be compensated ? a teacher spent time and energy into teaching you engineering , who pays them ? it 's got ta come from somewhere dude . the only way we break the vicious cycle of predatory practices is to remove government from the picture in terms of sending money to institutes and force them to enforce the laws already in place .
yes his feigned ignorance look .
the other half is the half the world should care about
i like how people have n't figured out that impeachment is a political process , not a legal one . how about `` legislative malpractice ? '' the unwillingness to impeach a president for massive numbers of crimes , should itself be impeachable .
deleted
removed
trump will take these 20 commies down easier than the 20 that got him elected in the first place .
but benghazi was inexcusable .
and just as important , wo n't shut up about it .
floating ? as in airborne ? failing quarantine . sad .
still waiting for an answer ... kind of funny that you asked if it was a rhetorical question ...
removed
was wondering what faux pas ivanka really did to get this video released by the french . this was meant to embarrass her .
i was merely making a joke . i don ’ t support the paper whatsoever .
she 'd make a great attorney general . president ? not so much .
dude , what is your problem ? this shit is like porn for you . do you support gun licensing , which has been proven to reduce gun homicides ?
removed
a country 's dying wish : for mitch and the republicans to get the fuck out .
guerilla warfare can be very effective against tanks and planes . look at any war the us has been involved with in the last 50 years .
imagine being fired for doing a good job .
removed
if the source code remains proprietary , then the answer is no . again , the gold standard is paper ballots .
you can ’ t have it both ways
here 's a person saying pelosi is not that liberal .
removed
part of being president is being commander in chief . that means ordering for people to be killed . true statement .
only fox would ever ask that question . it ’ s so fundamentally stupid and nonsensical .
i hate his tiny wrists . seriously , they are like toothpicks .
this administration has higher employee turnover than a chick fil a .
even as a left wing political person i must acknowledge that sometimes an administration chooses a particular journalist to represent and report on a particular event . that choice speaks volumes about that adminstration .
removed
you show me where anybody has come out and said that . you have just made up nonexistent stattements in order to pat yourself on the back .
it 's easier to understand politics if you read at a third grade level . i know this sub is hard to follow without all the frog memes and bots yelling about bricks , but if you pick up hooked on phonics , i believe you can get there someday .
& gt ; trump appears to be attempting option x2 no he is n't he 's trying to get photo ops and credit without any actual work and in doing so is legitimizing un and all his bullshit
the irony of this comment
& gt ; a source on the scene said ms grisham got in “ an all out brawl ” with the north koreans , according to cnn . what ’ s the big deal , aren ’ t they all like 4 feet tall ? it ’ s like getting into a scuffle with the wizard of oz munchkins . for god ’ s sake you can blind them with dental floss
obama epa preemptively halted the project with a hypothetical study before the company applied for a permit . the company sued and settled , allowing them to go through nepa , their legal right , to be evaluated . the veto is illegally in place and it ’ s removal does not harm any salmon . let them be evaluated .
remember when the president called ted cruz 's wife ugly , and ted did nothing . so fuck ted cruz . the plastic nose does n't fall far from the tiny car .
so kind
removed
trump would beat warren but this sub has her placed so high on the pedestal it ’ s not even funny . her and aoc .
deleted
& gt ; far better than the rest . sadly that is still very much true today .
tucker licks his shoes better
so if it is n't the government spending money that 's put the government in debt , then what has put the government in debt ?
my guess is ivanka likes being admired sexually by her dad . there ’ s certainly a little “ taboo ” think going on , but she seems comfortable with it . and he enjoys it . or did at some point in their lives . we will never hear of anything abnormal from her though , because she has no clue what “ normal ” is . this is her baseline .
removed
how to create a gunfree america in 5 easy steps
you have to see how incredibly insensitive and offensive this is , right ? you honestly think migrant detainment camps are worse than nazi death camps ?
removed
this is government overreach ! big government should n't be monitoring big government , as it 's infringed on big governments inalienable rights to privacy . info wars in a few hours
she was a medic .
no , no one believes that . i believe he ’ s an evil dictator as does pretty much everyone . i also believe that in order to make peace you start with talking and slowly take baby steps to steer kim away from his behavior . you pump up kim ’ s ego and make him believe you ’ re buddies . we haven ’ t been able to get kim ’ s regime to change by being adversaries , why not try being friendly . as long as sanctions aren ’ t being lifted it ’ s just talk , it costs no lives and it isn ’ t escalating into war .
deleted
nobody 's accusing her of being snoop dogg , but as a californian who has lived through her entire tenure here , i never got the impression she was in any way a barrier to legalization here . it was apparent she was willing to go along but would n't necessarily be the vanguard .
removed
the narrative is only meant to deflate bernie , not the others . but yeah . all the candidates are the same ! who needs elizabeth warren when you have kamala harris ! who needs cory booker when you have pete buttigieg ! they all sound so alike !
some talking head on msnbc said it best . at this point it is like the reality show survivor everyone is trying to stay on the island and eliminate someone else from contention this was after the first debate before the kamala/joe showdown . while i have my top 5 , i am eliminating people as they say or do something that i do n't agree with with 25 in the field , this is the best way to narrow it down . until joe biden says something that speaks to my generation or the ones that i 'm sandwiched between then he is not in contention for me . until then , i 'm almost ready for him to blame avocado toast .
a lot of military , current and those who are out , just plain do n't pay attention to anything political . do n't get me wrong , there are still plenty that pay attention to politics and are still gop supporters , but most of those that i served with do n't . they just get the headlines that promote the gop as promilitary and vote there because they think it is in their best interest .
wow , i have n't seen that in probably 15 years . john stewart has long been one of my favorite speakers . i try to stay away from the `` comedians as legitimate political commentary '' thing but he really does blur the line . it 's amazing how deftly he handled that .
warren vs d.c. how to create a gunfree america in 5 easy steps
trump is just playing president for the tv . his whole life has been a phony production for the benefit of cameras .
is that because they are obviously both hitler ?
i guess he means he used to be able to get away with making jokes about his gay waiter five years ago .
very well put
gibberish nonsense
tucker is playing at the main table at the world series of poker and picks up his cards with them facing the wrong way .
what ’ s with all the deleted comments ?
uhh ... .she 's sanders , if sanders was more concise and specific . how is she not progressive enough ? i say this having been a huge sanders fan since 2002 , and someone who is 100 % voting for warren .
removed
of course it is terrifying . trump is immoral , unethical , incompetent , and ca n't spell . i 'm not even sure he can read .
an ineffective ideologue is far less scary to them than a pragmatist with a provven track record . it has nothing to do with whose ideas are more extreme and everything to do with who is more likely to actually accomplish their ideas .
so the hypothetical resistance against tools of a seemingly omnipotent police state is described as a sign of mental issues ? that 's ripe .
calling your political opponents 'communists ' while praising actual communists . this is n't the party of lincoln any more , it 's not even the party of reagan any more .
well if you take the correct steps , that ’ s not a bad idea , it is still a risk . starting your own business is a risk worth taking . think about it , if you truly think you can do something , on your own , you should do it . so are you scared to do it ?
removed
when corporations get a bailout they pay it back . “ u.s . ends tarp with $ 15.3 billion profit ” look dude , i ’ m a liberal , and i ’ m not opposed to forgiving these loans ultimately . i ’ m just saying don ’ t start putting cows back in the pasture until you ’ ve fixed the fence . this needs to never happen again , and i want to see some form of reform cost controls on public universities , education standards for specific degrees , something so we don ’ t wind up doing the same thing 10 years later .
it was reagan who made the law that anyone who walks into an er be given treatment without regard to money , citizenship etc . blame him .
imagine being that cruel
lies
ya , your right , obama was pretty bad , thousands of innocent humans murdered , children killed and locked in cages for no reason other than being in the way of him and making his friends money . truly a crime against humanity . with a list of war crimes to go with it . too bad nothing will be done about it .
you 're intentionally striking a false equivalent and people see through it . your question is n't clever . there 's a difference between killing enemies overseas a whole other debate and imprisoning/ murdering political opponents in your own country . carlson knows the difference and you know the difference , you 're intentionally painting with a broad brush because it 's the only way to defend the gross way your president cozies up with people like kju and putin .
got ta be the closest because as much as the closet cases want to get busy with rent boys , they wo n't drive far to do it .
yes . trump created the concentration camp like conditions . that is the truth .
removed
republicans : `` you should educate yourself and get a real job instead of flipping burgers ! '' also republicans : `` no no no , not like that ! ''
i 'm actually amazed at the art of projection the nazis came up with by pushing antifa narrative . they are like mirrors everything shitty and terrible that they do , they immediately accuse the other side of doing same
he wo n't be debating any dems , i already bet money on it .
i 'm being as general as possible in saying it would be americans . not liberals , conservatives , evangelicals , vegetarians , men named bob , etc . because no matter the group , they have ready access to guns because they 're in the us , so this one 's obvious , and they have family and friends in the military .
they aren ’ t taking a wage , so they aren ’ t in an official position . people are allowed to volunteer for the government . have you volunteered for an official campaign ? i can tell probably not because i ’ m pretty sure you ’ d have a better idea of how politicians and their assistants work .
removed
when your argument involves defining the word `` but , '' you already lost . just give it up . you look terrible .
holy shit . can you imagine if anyone said this in defense of obama ? # 425826
problem with that is a lot of his supporters wo n't be convinced that class warfare , identity politics , and political correctness can beat trump until they see it . biden 's refusal to engage in these like his peers just solidifies his electability in their minds .
remember , at this time last election jeb bush was leading on name recognition too—until people realized what a nebbish nepotistic nothing he was . people are rapidly going to remember all the reasons biden failed to secure the nomination before , mark my words . uncle joe has a congenital case of footinmouth disease . just give him time .
sounds like you 're trying to discuss preventive medicine ? ? is there some platform idea that she has about this ? i really have no clue what you want to say , or how it relates to her `` having good ideas . ''
removed
bang .
why should any company , but especially a public company , be allowed to lie about its financial status ?
ivanka is very smart lady by the way . in everything i 've seen her do she comes off as well spoken . not sure why aoc feels the need to take pokes on another woman when she 's supposed to be so pro female
this is the real problem with the trump admin . the government is just in chaos
care ? the entire gop is counting on it . which is the only plausible explanation for their complete unwillingness to secure our elections .
wait ... i think you just found your way into the trump voter ’ s heart !
djt jr. is actually the son of vince mcmahon
his grandparents started the swanson frozen food empire , so that means hes smart .
thank you for the laugh . i needed that .
about half of that yes
i said it because you simply only asked me if rape happens . and i told you it did . but in the beginning we did n't simplify the idea that rapes just happen . we were using it in a context to make a point about something bigger . you 're simplification of this example is why you 're missing the point . `` rape happens '' is the only answer to an only question or whether or not that occurs . but to use that quote in context to people who actually do rape is legitimizing the rapes . if you tell a rapist that rapes happen everywhere you are making what they are doing `` not a big deal . '' tucker carlson did n't state a fact , he defended one .
graft . corruption . bottom feeding .
why in the world did lagarde feel compelled to tweet and pin ivanka to the top of her twitter page ? was it to make amends for the stink face ? too bad she felt she needed to do this .
the last line should be `` then they came for me , and the republicans clapped ''
remember , california is n't a leftist utopia , it 's a state like any other . corrupt officials trying to maintain power at all costs should n't surprise anyone , but it should still enrage you .
& gt ; that 's stupid . you do n't start with that . you 'd just be blowing money . first , you need to gradually raise a tax on all firearm purchases . this 'll signal to everyone that you 're on the way to removing military equipment from the list of civilian toys , resulting in tons of assholes buying as many assault rifles as they can in the hopes of making a killing in the buyback , but because you 'll specifically tax those more , you can spend this period raising that tax until assault rifle prices are astronomical . then , once you 're ready to buy the assault rifles back , you use the tax dollars you 've already accrued from gullible gunowners to buy back their own crowdsprayers at a fraction of the price those greedy dumbasses paid for them . assault rifles are already at $ 20,000 minimum , and there 's a set amount in circulation that will never increase barring some fantastic legislation . i do n't think you 'd get anything out of what your propose .
removed
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
one awkward exchange does not make a person . she has appointed by your president and she does fine . unless , of course , you hate women .
i could say the same for you . you just jabbed with nothing of worthy content that can justify your asininity
will never understand how people think our current system is okay . we let our employers decide for who we have if your self employed , you are going to be raped when switch jobs , you always have to think about healthcare which is silly . good chunk of your money goes to administration pockets ... in network/ out network bullshit ... you are paying a `` private tax '' right now .
tucker carlson always looks like his face is trying to poop
removed
i think you subconsciously weighing one part of his little speech heavier than the other . he criticized and supported the regime at the same time , which means he basically said a whole lot of nothing . if anything , he 's using this to justify everything that is happening at the u.s. border .
the punishment for trespassing is death ! !
where is your evidence ?
so they should pay their fucking taxes then ... and if you are able to literally make money off your own money while millions starve , you should be taxed extremely highly
deleted
i would n't be too shocked if the real president was putin and they 've been filling our water with hallucinogens that make us see trump . i 'm not saying its likely i 'm just saying its possible
you missed the comments by third way ? the one that bernie had the audacity to mention and got spun as him `` attacking '' warren ? corporate interests will take her as a last resort if it means stopping sanders .
how about a formal month in prison ?
they ’ re using illegals to strip mine the treasury to fund trumps reelection campaign . no way it ’ s going to wall street . or funding for eric princes army they ’ re trying to relocate to this hemisphere for some reason .
removed
at the very least , you ’ d be fired from your job for running away when asked to do it .
how about this . i wo n't be attaching citations to all of the easily verifiable , well documented events below . i also wo n't be looking for every scuffle during a rally or each occasion an individual from either side gets punched in the face or pelted with a milkshake . that 's the trees . look at the forest instead : number of right wing terrorist attacks in the united states that claimed at least one or more lives . 1 . 2018 florida yoga studio 2 . 2018 pittsburg synagogue 3 . 2018 florida school shooting 4 . 2017 las vegas shooting note1 5 . 2017 charlottsville nazi/trump rally 6 . 2017 portland train stabbing 7 . 2017 timothy caughman stabbing 8 . 2017 austins bar and grill olathe , ks shooting 9 . 2015 colorado planned parenthood shooting 10 . 2015 lafayette shooting 11 . 2015 charleston church shooting 12 . 2015 florida police ambush 13 . 2014 las vegas police ambush 14 . 2014 kansas jewish center shooting 15 . 2014 blooming grove police shooting 16 . 2014 forsyth county courthouse shooting 17 . 2013 los angeles international airport shooting 18 . 2013 alabama bunker hostage crisis 19 . 2012 tristate killing spree 20 . 2012 st. john ’ s parish police ambush 21 . 2012 sikh temple shooting 22 . 2011 pacific northwest killing rampage 23 . 2011 fear militia 24 . 2011 tucson gabby giffords shooting 25 . 2010 west memphis police shootings 26 . 2010 carlisle , pa murder 27 . 2010 austin , tx plane attack 28 . 2010 florida sovereign citizen police ambush 29 . 2009 ft. walton , fl shooting 30 . 2009 minutemen american defense hispanic slayings 31 . 2009 okaloosa county , fl police gun range attacks 32 . 2009 brockton , ma black targeted shooting rampage 33 . 2009 pittsburgh police shootings 34 . 2009 holocaust museum shooting 35 . 2009 george tiller assassination 36 . 2008 knoxville , tn church shooting 37 . 2004 tulsa ok , bank robbery 38 . 2003 abbeville , sc rightofway standoff 39 . 2002 massillon , oh antigovernment shootout 40 . 2001 dallas antiarab revenge shootings before 9/11 but after the 1993 world trade center bombing . 1 . 2000 pittsburgh , pa racially motivated spree killing 2 . 1999 fort worth , tx syatp shooting 3 . 1999 los angeles jewish community center shooting 4 . 1999 midwest murder spree 5 . 1999 redding , ca arson attacks & amp ; antigay murders 6 . 1998 barnett slepian assassination 7 . 1998 cortez , co watertruck shootout 8 . 1998 birmingham , alabama planned parenthood bombing 9 . 1997 army of god attacks 10 . 1997 aryan people ’ s republic six state terror wave 11 . 1996 spokane phineas priests bombing campaign 12 . 1996 atlanta centennial olympic park bombing 13 . 1996 jackson , ms larry shoemake murder spree 14 . 1996 aryan republican army fbi shootout 15 . 1995 palo verde amtrak derailment 16 . 1995 oklahoma city bombing 17 . 1994 boston , ma planned parenthood shooting 18 . 1994 lubrock , tx naziyouth race war murders 19 . 1994 john britton assassination 20 . 1993 pensacola , fl women ’ s medical clinic shooting total : 399 dead ──────── number of left wing terrorist attacks in the united states that claimed at least one or more lives . ... before 9/11 but after the 1993 world trade center bombing . ... total : 0 dead right wingers are violent .
the irony is palpable ahahahah
this site is complete bullshit propaganda and has no place on the whitelist but since it 's still here for some reason then i guess we 'll all just do the downvote thing so we can make room for actual news
every . fucking . time . republicans give away all the tax revenue to the rich , so they can starve the poor . pathetic . immoral . disgraceful . and unpatriotic .
so he deserves being assaulted ? tjats what u re tryin to say ?
deleted
yes , he cares . he cares that it ’ s as vulnerable as can be .
ivanka is the very definition of bourgeoisie . just who the fuck do you think ivanka is ? the middle class hard worker like your average joe schmo ? why am i even engaging with you . you are clearly in the wrong place . but not because you wan na talk about something else . because you have no clue ... i guess , to put it simply and a way you can visualize , you are like ivanka . out of your element .
thank you for the article . `` reuters was unable to independently confirm the report . previously , north korean officials have been executed or purged only to reappear with a new title , according to media reports . a spokeswoman at south korea ’ s unification ministry declined to comment . an official at the presidential blue house in seoul said it was inappropriate to comment on an unverified report . ''
misleading article title , shame on the independent . i disagree with tucker on a lot of issues caveat , but he clearly states `` there is no defending the nk regime '' . his point was that all countries kill people , while not the same scale as the nk regime and that blood is on the hands of those who run the government . meaning that would also include the leaders of the usa , saudi arabia , israel , iran , etc . i think i 'm accurate in continuing his point , based on the video snippet alone , to mean that we need to realize that reality even if it 's hard to swallow . that 's not to say he is defending it or giving them a pass , only that those are the facts and we hold different countries to different standards based on our perception of those countries .
removed
you ’ re a good rationalizer . maybe clapper would have hired you . you could do pr for him .
that ’ s a disingenuous comparison . you don ’ t need to buy a car , but if you want to make a livable wage you will need at least a bachelors degree .
deleted
til nk is stalinist
this is fake news . listen to tucker 's interview . he said you cant defend north korea 's actions . article says tucker defends north korea 's killing people . like wtf ! this is so blatantly false and fake news . the real scary thing is this post having so many upvotes . sad ! !
most of obama 's political ambassador appointments were just candy for big donors .
& gt ; you ca n't have it both ways , that trump is both a nazi and a zionist sure you can . because a nazism and zionism are similar right wing ideologies that espouse things like racial purity and the creation of ethnoreligious ghettos , and b trump and his republican buddies are profoundly hypocritical in just about every facet of their behavior . & gt ; maybe trump would take hitler out for a night on the town , to chill him the fuck out . winston churchill actually was close to meeting hitler in the 30s and basically do the same thing . god damn , is this really how distorted your view of reality is ? hint : trump is no churchill , and if churchill could have ended the war and the holocaust by inviting hitler over for fish and chips he would have done that . & gt ; calling me unamerican is bushera 9/11speak . calling you unamerican is the truth . when you say that america is n't great and only trump can make it better by kicking out immigrants , tearing down our historic institutions , and bowing down to foreign dictators like putin , un , xi , erdogan , etc. , you believe in trumpism over americanism . you 're entitled to that opinion , but do n't confuse your trump merchandise for american pride it ai n't . & gt ; nobody else tried to stop north korea from killing people nor did they care about it until trump . categorically false . you should brush up on your history . & gt ; trump was the first to speak to them man to man and i respect that more than parking thousands of soldiers outside their borders as a form of diplomacy . it has n't worked , trump is trying something different . he has given north korea everything that they want and we have got nothing in return , aside from a brain dead kid that they arrested under false pretenses and fucking murdered . trump has n't even gotten the warmbier family so much as an apology . they made otto 's life a living hell , and trump is tweeting un for some casual netflix and chill . tell me how that is not a disgrace ... and have north korea been held to account for using nerve agent to assassinate someone in a public airport ? nope . not so much as a slap on the wrist . they are still running nuclear development sites , still testing ballistic missiles , and still trading with our enemies russia and china even under sanctions . again , trump does nothing . why ? because trump sees kim jung un , a dictator and murderer on the same level as adolf hitler as his buddy . now he 's meeting up with him once again , with no preconditions , and he will walk away from that dmz having achieved nothing nothing for the people of america , nothing for the poor people of north korea , and nothing for the world at large . that 's `` trying something different '' , alright . it 's rewarding bad behavior and befriending a person who is straightup evil . trump compliments the man , and that 's all we need to know about his lack of character . but hey , if you really believe trump and think that kim jung un is a real nice dude and totally not a hitleresque dictator , then i welcome you to follow in otto warmbier 's footsteps and book a nice little holiday in pyonyang .
i 've been thinking about moving back , unrelated to this . several good things happening in the state .
i like her very much . i donate when i can , and i get pictures of her pupper texted to me . he is a very good boy !
deleted
let ’ s all jettison that myth . they declared him the winner to end the events early and get the fuck away from him nobody voluntarily spends time around ted cruz . not even his wife and kids .
she did graduate from the university of boston with a major in international relations and economics . you conveniently left that part in order to make her look like some uneducated person who worked at a bar .
& gt ; he said 5 years ago if people “ made fun of a gay waiter , ” people would just let it go . was he was really saying is five years ago he used to be able to make jokes about having a gay waiter and no one would comment .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the us right accuses the other side of what they would do in their position in their fantasies .
bernie sanders seems to inaccurately conflate illegal aliens with immgrants
every time you ask yourself these questions you have to first remember : they . do n't . care .
hi ` exosphere ` , your post ` putin responds to elton john : respect majority ! liberals invented 5 or 6 genders : transformers ? ` has been removed because the youtube channel is not on our whitelist . to submit to our whitelist , please view this link , which will allow you to submit submit a url for consideration . if this was in error , please message the moderators . note : we will not be whitelisting channels that do not adhere to our rules . if you submit a rule breaking channel to our whitelist form , we may match your form submission against your reddit submission and ban your account . if you are deemed to be a spammer , your account will be reported to the admins ! channels that will absolutely not be considered include personal blogs , satirical or entertainment based channels , nonreputable / notable channels and blatant spam . do not submit a channel for whitelisting that has rulebreaking content . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
every time i hear this hypothetical i think this sketch
that 'll be a rockhard pass from me dawg
i 'd like to know too . there were like 20 gilded comments removed ! !
& gt ; so according to you , this has been going on for 11 years now . is there evidence that young accountants are now terrible because they 're too stupid to do the job ? yes ! overwhelmingly ! i have never met more uneducated college graduates than in recent years . are these the scholars you 're referring too ? i would n't hire any of them .
how to create a gunfree america in 5 easy steps
i ’ d guess they ’ re waiting to drag trumps name through the mud closer to election time , when it counts the most and would handicap him the most .
as a federal holiday they ’ ll have the day off , mandated by the federal government . that ’ s like , the point lol .
because democrats refused to fund the exploding crisis even calling it a non crisis , and a made up crisis .
yea for real running a country means making hard choices
deleted
and can ’ t spell ... haha ... i like that you included that .
trump has single handedly legitimized the nk regime .
& gt ; tomorrow my gas is going up $ 0.47 a gallon what does that have to do with anything mentioned in this article ? & gt ; tbh that ’ s pretty fucking gay . are you 14 years old ?
sounds good to me
probably because your hypocrites for only caring about this now instead of 8 years ago when obama started these camps .
but the details matter quite a lot . not just who the military is used on but who orders them to do it .
omg holy shit really ? ! ? lol , wtf are they putting in the coffee over there ? less then five years back they had a huge hard on for dropping every munition known to man on kim 's head !
deleted
deleted
trump didn ’ t give millionaires money , he just didn ’ t steal as much as the government usually does .
and yet it never seems to work
he 'll lose either way
removed
we ’ ve invaded sovereign nations for less .
groveling and bootlicking ? sounds like you have practice . it will be ok just pretend the boots you are licking taste like chocolate and you will be fine .
mitch mcconnell needs to go . vote for steven cox for senate .
that 's true , but since there was no actual evidence of there being any in the milkshakes , kind of makes it a moot point .
but it ’ s not necessarily a disqualification .
removed
republicans : our highest value in life is how successful we can be , and that you should take care of yourself also republicans : it triggers me that a bartender was allowed to be a member of congress if you 've ever bartended you should n't be allowed to get other jobs
i said `` there 's a big difference between killing genocidal conquerors and killing wannabe genocidal conquerors . '' you said `` stopping the wannabes means you do n't get the genocide in the first place . '' this made me think that you wanted to `` stop '' nazis by killing them . and i never said this was terrorism . it just seemed like you wanted extrajudicial killing of nazis to take place . and implying `` but the right does it more ! '' is just shitty whataboutism .
deleted
& gt ; nope , just death from malnutrition , and lack of care , including poor hygiene . they show up that way from a long trek through the desert . & gt ; so , yeah . gon na need more than just one guy . he ’ s more credible than you . show me one holocaust survivor saying the situation at the border is anything close . one must make a serious effort to be as misinformed as you are . maybe your uni will give a refund ?
it 's been 30 years since it was ok to mock gay people openly .
i 've been saying he 'll do this for ages .
removed
i just read your comment wrong . my b .
and a third grade level education reveals he 's defending north korean death camps . that 's not reasonable .
removed
less we forget ... .john stewart singlehandedly left this cockroach out of a job .
lmao you mean the justice democrat ’ s ran her as their chosen face ?
philip anschutz 's washington examiner , just the place democrats should be looking to figure which candidates are `` unnecessary '' . /s in case there is any confusion .
removed
wow , talk about taking things out of context .
might be the time to remind people who the first invitees to hitler 's camps were .
`` bigly covfefe achomlishments ''
agreed . one sorts by controversial for the luls .
and the one more likely to achieve them is sanders . being a `` pragmatist '' in the sense that dems use it only means folding at even the hint of resistance or pushback .
removed
i do n't understand how a newspaper owned by a violent religious cult is on the whitelist . deseret times should be removed too .
he defended a fact ?
eliminate student debt , create a debtfree higher education system .
removed
she can definitely put this on her resume . “ successfully negotiated deals and agreements of the highest priority with world leaders by leading the initiative in all of the negotiations by taking charge as the leader , while simultaneously fostering a culture of cooperation and trust ” .
removed
like his father ?
& gt ; people keep trying to spread fud about her time as da , are you referring to kamala harris ?
assault weapon is a madeup term by gungrabbing politicians that are trying to confuse the public into thinking that what they call an assault weapon and an actual assault rifle are the same thing . then they legally define assault weapon to be very broad and vague to cover as many firearms as possible to ban as much as possible .
it 's clearly a defense of north korea . why ca n't you admit that ?
deleted
dems did such a shitty job of explaining this . they could have explained that they want a u.k. model instead of a canadian model . ‘ raise your hand if you ’ ll give insurance to illegal immigrants ’ was basically walking into a buzz saw .
the fact that the french presidential palace released this video expresses macron ’ s opinion of ivanka trump .
lord mammon is pleased !
i mean what good does it do ? any action will be blocked by the senate
that 's the prolifeyist thing i 've ever heard him say .
aoc has a degree in international relations and economics , and it wasn ’ t bought and paid for by her father , unlike ivanka ’ s degree .
whoops !
deleted
just because someone 's able to follow a conversation does n't mean they have smart ideas . may at least clears the first hurdle , ivanka trips over it and lands flat on her face .
i think his mouth is actually his asshole , and that 's why so much shit plops out of his goddamn fucking face every day .
& gt ; biden statement was that homophobia was tolerable 5 years ago in seattle . the unstated portion was that he was able to get away with making homophobia jokes five years ago .
just because you say it , does n't make it so .
1/1024
in my experience middle class parents plan for this in places where they ca n't rely on public transportation and do n't have the time because they are working full time to transport their children to afterschool activities , part time jobs , etc .
the first part of any debate should be establishing objectively defined terms..
only because she ’ s not a republican . if she was , they ’ d be touting her as proof of the “ american dream ” .
i know the nature of trolls such as yourself is to not reply to comments with differing opinions . but i ’ m utterly curious : who fed you this bullshit , and do you actually believe it ?
neville chamberlain correctly realized that the british raf was not ready for a fullscale nazi invasion . his `` appeasement '' strategy was , in part , a smokescreen to allow the uk to build up a large arsenal of fighter planes . he constantly and consistently championed the raf 's buildup , which resulted in the uk passing nazi germany in plane production by the time war was declared in september 1939 . trump is a monster , and i am not defending him here . however , it is simply historical ignorance to equate chamberlain with trump , as chamberlain knew what he was doing and it was a critical part of why the blitz failed .
24 crabs in a pot . the one about to get out will be pulled down by the others . & amp ; # x200b ; trump is going to have a crab feast in 2020 , and america will keep on winning !
i think people know at least at some level that these accusations are credible . i honestly think that many people just don ’ t care . it ’ s abhorrent .
i 'm amazed the author of this hit piece believes his audience is familiar with 'rendered , ' and is confident they wo n't turn on him for being 'too intellectual ' , or talking down to them . maybe he lost a drunken saturday night bet ...
it 's going to take a hell of a lot more than a photo op to get reelected
that 's a lie . she promised to retrain coal miners , and said coal was dead .
is this a reference to the clown meme as used by the white nationalists ? why the fuck is this shittyass source whitelisted ? !
it doesn ’ t mean killing your own people ...
removed
the us has been at war in the middle east for 20 years with no end in sight . why not start the outrage there ?
removed
would you mind telling me why donald , the `` conservative '' pick , has increased spending ? it 's almost like republicans never actually reduce spending . they just slash taxes more and more and wonder why we have to keep borrowing money to pay for the fucking wars they start , thus throwing us further into debt . conservatives harped about the fucking deficit the entire time obama was in office , and donnie boy just blew it the fuck up , thought he had a plan to fix that ? was the plan to smack himself in the dick ?
if it 's mandatory it 's confiscation
‘ light ’ genocide
to be fair , obama tried to close guantanamo and the republicans were all like “ lol nope . ”
nope . ag 's follow agendas . they do n't set the agenda .
that is a bet i would happily take . trump won the election with negative 3 million votes . his popularity is incredibly low . how is he going to win with 40 percent popularity ? hilariously , the only poll giving trump a lead vs warren is cnn . even fox news has warren ahead . here comes the polls were wrong in 2016 ! except they were n't . not at all .
voters this year are looking for substance , not ad hominem attacks . we 're all tired of the clown in the white house .
that ’ s his normal face
removed
their projections are so transparent
he says `` not on the scale the north koreans do '' and says twice there 's no defending what they do , he 's just saying no one 's hands are clean .
& gt ; how can anyone on our side support giving so many billions to people that have proven they 're not a threat ? you accidentally a word there . i added it back in bold .
wait what
this is what ... you ... get .
what are you talking about ? biden was unsuccessful in stopping fed busing . the context is that bernie did not trust the fed government to handle it correctly , imo that 's pretty similar to biden not wanting to put it in the hands of the federal government . remember the busing was in control of the department of education , had the gop successfully dismantled the dept . in 1980 ... that would have killed busing .
contagious diseases do n't care about immigration status . maybe it would be best if the people who cook our food and clean our hotel rooms and scrub our restrooms had access to good healthcare , yes ?
what does any of that have to do with what tucker said ?
and a big mac
reporters of various news agencies have accompanied presidents for decades . they routinely travel on air force one . they also accompany people running for president , like hillary , who had her claims about being shot at while in bosnia refuted by a cbs news reporter who was on the same trip .
& gt ; now this sounds like semantics now ah yes , noting a difference between north korean death camps and killing osama bin laden is `` semantics . '' it must be nice to be so simple .
removed
yes .
last i checked , selfproclaimed rightwing propaganda sites like the washington examiner are whitelisted , along with a lot of further right and crazier sites . daily kos and share blue are banned here , though , maybe if they were n't , your `` joke '' would be so much more ~~fucking~~ funny .
a good education is like a weapon . you do n't want to be the guy with the rock when your opponent has a tank .
please explain .
will never understand how people think our current system is okay . we let our employers decide for who we have if your self employed , you are going to be raped when switch jobs , you always have to think about healthcare which is silly . good chunk of your money goes to administration pockets ... in network/ out network bullshit ... you are paying a `` private tax '' right now .
how many mooches is that ?
just ease up on the apocalyptic anthropogenic global warming propaganda and i 'm sure people come around !
i had a very long discussion about “ human rights ” with a friend the other day . i said that human rights can only be restricted by a government , they can never be granted because as they are “ human rights ” they are granted by every human to themselves . i have the right to do anything i give myself the right to . so , rights can only be taken away , they can ’ t be given by the government . so , that means that i have a right to a weapon to defend myself from attack but the government restricts what kind of weapon that can be . i have the right to privacy except when the government tells me i don ’ t such as during a legal search . human rights are just rights and we give them to ourselves , the government can only restrict them . this is not saying that any and all restrictions are bad and unnecessary , just explaining the very meat of the argument . no bias .
what do you think happens to people that visit canada , or england , and get sick ? you think they 're getting a 100k hospital bill ?
no
what never seems to work ? the process ? nepa is one of the best in the world . the mine would also follow alaskan state regulations which are also some of the most stringent in the us . alaska has a ton of mines adding to the economy , coexisting with nature and its fisheries .
let the grown ups speak .
third way is not a corporate entity or interest . i thought you said the corporate interrests had said this ... not the political ones . so a group that is very clearly opposed to corporate interests has said they would rather support her than him and somehow you 're trying to spin that into the corporate interests said it ? clearly i underestimated how much the extremists on the left consider anything centrist or moderate to be corporate .
it 's not to early to create a blatantbullshit section .
fox news is n't news , it 's propaganda
tax rates went down but total tax revenue has gone up . not sure where your 1.9t number comes from but it ’ s bs . tax rates went down across the board , not just the wealthy or corporations . this and other trump policies have driven economic growth which is a much bigger driver of tax revenue than tax rates look up laffer curve . if you increase tax rates you get slow economic growth and less total tax revenues see obama years . i don ’ t support wars and i don ’ t support bailing out banks . i definitely don ’ t support taxing lower / middle class families who didn ’ t have the opportunity to go to college to pay for rich kids college tuition . if you take a loan out then be prepared to pay it , don ’ t steal from hard working americans .
um , george stephanopoulos was bill clinton 's press secretary . chuck todd an obama sycophant as was van jones and the list of democrat hacks working in real staterun msm is endless . i love the double standards employed by the deranged left . fox news is the lone conservativeleaning outlet in the sea of `` progressive `` democrat propaganda that is passed off as news . i 've never seen a bigger group of circle jerking pseudo intellectual frauds in my life as i have these past 3 yrs .
except for that war thing . in order to join the libertarian party , you must sign the following : `` i hereby certify that i do not believe in or advocate the initiation of force as a means of achieving political or social goals '' but besides that itty bitty and truly insignificant difference about not attacking other countries and not being into regime change , they 're exactly the same ! oh , i almost forgot ... the libertarian platform advocate open borders except for individuals posing `` credible threats '' . but besides trivial differences about war , and open borders , they 're exactly the same ! oh , i almost forgot ... the libertarian platform says education should be provided by the free market , and not the government . but besides trifling differences like education , war , and the borders , they 're exactly the same ! oh right , then there 's abortion . their platform is prochoice . but besides education , abortion , war and the borders , the libertarians are basically republicans ! oh , wait ... the libertarians want to phase out the social security system ... but besides ... . oh nvm
no they are not mocking the us they are mocking ivanka trump she works for the president , she is not an elected official
what 's the oranges of that word ?
kamala harris never lived in oakland . she was born in a hospital in oakland but lived in berkeley . she pretends to be `` from oakland '' for street cred .
do n't jinx it .
and increased spending at the same time . for a bunch of `` fiscally responsible '' types they sure do n't make very fiscally responsible decisions , do they ?
took me a minute to realize the title was the article and not a description of the source .
deleted
yo , wtf did the top comments say to get them all purged ?
removed
how on earth would bernie excite the youth compared to the other , younger , more diverse democrats that are actually democrats ?
yeah , just like liberals do with milo . oh wait , no that 's not what happens at all . milo gets negative press because he 's a shitty human being regardless of his orientation and it would be the exact same case for trump .
ok . the conversation is about elizabeth warren , though . ?
removed
how do you know that ? there are 435 people in the house . just because this simpleton gets a lot of ink doesn ’ t mean nobody else is saying something worthwhile ! !
not to mention they think the responsibility for a healthy fetus is only on the mother , not the state prenatal care and not the father when asked if a father should be compelled to donate a kidney to save their kid 's life they generally say that the father has the right to bodily autonomy . also , the male antichoicers generally wo n't do the one thing that would prevent them from putting a woman in a situation where she might choose to have an abortion , a vasectomy . and , finally , most of them do n't want comprehensive sex ed or access to contraception .
not precisely . a rich person has pretty much infinite opportunities , but to legitimately earn a degree with honors from a prestigious university is no small feat . but did she ? i do n't know , and i ca n't tell from a few second clip . but i think a few hours of video , with the wharton & amp ; georgetown logos prominently featured in the margins throughout the recording , would prove very interesting . and you would think that gop supporters would love to showcase an intelligent , accomplished member of the administration interacting with world leaders in an unscripted manner . i guess we will see .
i don ’ t know , maybe trying to keep peace with this loose canon in north korea . none of us are privileged to inside information ... ..even though we might think we are
deleted
the photo ops were the purpose of trump 's visit to nk . brace yourselves for a tsunami of selfaggrandizing tweets .
absolutely not . if the democrats want to beat trump , they need to focus on policy and stand together on the broad policy agendas . keep their egos out of it and debate on the issues , let the voters decide . & amp ; # x200b ; united we stand , divided we fall .
it ’ s just completely bonkers to me that “ north korea is kinda not that bad ” is now a rightwing talking point , i ’ m old enough to remember when it was part of the “ axis of evil . ”
i 'd say just ignore him , but the media refuse to let that happen .
i 'd like to know how the political leanings of the attackers of any of those attacks were verified or documented .
looks like sean hannity is gon na be writing some nasty rumors about carlson in his burn book
happens to everyone now and then , no big d. lol tucker a lefty ? wut ?
yeah people do look terribly uneducated when they are shown up . reddit defenders like you are here for him/her though so why l actually prove your argument over just a `` we 're right he 's wrong '' group think . welcome to what i like to call the flock of sheeple . you are the exact person donald trump said would still love him if he shot someone just inversed .
the clownhall cometh
we might win the election , but this argument is going to kill m4a .
i 'm not disagreeing with that , but please cite for me a government that has n't killed anybody , it does n't exist . all governments kill people in one way or another .
always the victim .
removed
removed
ok you want to go there ? you want to go there ? name a single major innovation or new drug that has came out of britain recently . your healthcare system is a joke compared to ours and does almost nothing when compared to the innovations and discoveries we churn out . our healthcare system is great because of the innovation and new treatments that come out of it . is it perfect ? absolutely not , but giving everyone free healthcare is ridiculous . for example , in canada which is held up as the “ golden standard ” for socialized healthcare it takes up to 4 hours to see a doctor where in the us , it takes less than 30 mins .
no .
& gt ; was the plan to smack himself in the dick his aim ain ’ t that good
keep up the good work !
yeah , but usually people of other countries and not if it can be helped .
because people like obama , and they remember joe as obama ’ s vp . the more you learn about biden ’ s political career , the less people tend to like/trust him .
what 's very upsetting is that many of the men who fought alongside your grandfather 's are alive seeing all this and siding with trump because he 's on the conservatives side .
she was relating it to our enviromental , and chemical policy , that if our enviroment , and the chemicals that we use are making us sick , then no matter how good a plan is of dealing with that sickness , it would not be compleatly enough .
i 'm sure now his sponsors will leave in droves ... /s
joe is the fullback , the halfback is going to run right behind him and when joe clears the lane the halfback just needs to make one guy miss then dance in the end zone .
where was the snipers nest set up this time ?
well who voted him in ? at least half of reddit .
& gt ; this shit is like porn for you . pointing out the easilyverifiable lies in someone 's argument is rather satisfying . that was also my first post in this thread , so i think you have me confused with someone else . & gt ; do you support gun licensing , which has been proven to reduce gun homicides ? no , and no it has n't .
it 's actually a hell of a lot easier than that . step 1 : become enemies with major human rights abusers . step 2 : do whatever you want . step 3 : when challenged declare that , since the enemy is doing worse , you 're entitled to do x . the entire lost fleet series explores this pretty well .
& gt ; power is a helluva drug . ftfy
trump ca n't be indicted until he 's not president it 's why people have been pushing for impeachment proceedings since he was elected .
fucking murdochowned post would utilize inflammatory rhetoric in their headlines
deleted
long day .
i did , now what ? because tucker 's rationalization of his comment does n't really make it any better . yeah , he says n. korea is awful for what they do and yeah , other countries have death happen under their leadership , but to say that to lead means to kill ? like what does that really mean ? since when does leading have to lead to death ? yeah yeah , it 's been like that in the past and still in some countries , that death happens , but in what way can anyone justify that as if it is a nonissue ? why , because trump wants to make allies with n. korea ? even if they 're pros to a relationship with n. korea and there certainly are , liek the whole not being nuked thing does n't really change the fact that tucker carlson 's comments are asinine .
everyone who will see him as a fraud already knows he 's a fraud . the problem is that many of them do n't care . they see him as the tool at hand .
i 'm not sure i trust her . not that she 's done anything specifically wrong , but every time i see a picture of her with her hand in the air , i ca n't help but feel like she 's trying to psychologically manipulate the american people . it 's like she 's focused on creating a charismatic image and her policies are secondary to that . it just comes off as dishonest to me .
that 's exactly what the republicans desire . the base is happy because trump 's zerotolerance policy effectively posted the border with whites only signs .
holy shit does she lack self awareness . once again , hilarious .
but obama saluted a serviceman with a coffee cup in his hand . typical leftist liberals and their fake outrage .
that is also top tits
in fact he needs to crank it up .
that 's not how cars work .
look at modern first world western democracies . that 's the standard you should be looking at . it 's not normal . why would you compare yourself to the worst fucking murderous shitholes on the planet to make you look like there 's nothing wrong ?
i chose it because it looks like a reddit gold and i wanted to give it to him .
i have no issue if you grow up with rich parents and a huge platform ready for you . awesome , it just means you can do all those great things for the world with less risk . that ’ s great for everyone . i do however have an issue with people in these circumstances who refuse to learn and educate themselves to a point where they can use their large platform to do great things . she ’ s refused to develop herself into someone with the intellectual capacity to do great things , and so she ’ s just another celebrity doing minimal things with the amazing opportunity they had .
ok you got me . i meant icbm ’ s that carry nuclear warheads and threaten us and every other nation . every nation on this planet has short range missiles and that wasn ’ t in the agreement to not continue testing . i thought this as understood . you know perfectly well that most comments in this reddit isn ’ t about lack of faith it ’ s downright hoping he fails and undercutting any hope of progress .
your uncle is confusing civil liberties for civil rights . liberties are freedoms granted to all at birth , and protections on liberties protect the individual from the state . rights , on the other hand , are granted by the state to the individual , and the onus is on the state to guarantee that those rights are preserved . healthcare is a human right , but in the united states it is not yet a civil right .
shade++
i think twitter should stop letting people delete tweets . i think don jr. retweeted this bullshit tweet with the intention of deleting later . he still gets to show his true colors . and later delete it to get rid of the evidence . and give himself some deniability . if you tweet or retweet ignorant racist bullshit . you should not be able to delete it . you need to wear it like a badge .
anyone up for a coup ?
removed
a popularity contest in nyc where the opponent was essentially an inanimate object as far as putting up a fight go .
my career is in systems and software automation and currently working for a “ new space ” company . my job/career is fine but i agree , ubi will have to be a reality . which is totally reasonable when you sit and actually think about the wealth and productivity generated by automation should be redistributed to the people .
removed
deleted
the clown show is already in the white house .
lots of things are notable , but not a qualified news source ... the mods are actively making poor decisions and digging their heels in every time they have to explain it .
deleted
9 in 9 reasonable people oppose bullshit propaganda like the kind that is posted all over brietbart
then why does the article need to prove him a hypocrite or whatever by using a quote of his from 1974 .
deleted
pain and suffering
can you tell your friends ?
i like most npr podcasts .
how ? he also said on this trip that a government needs to kill some of its civilians to function . he is a dangerous propagandist attempting to normalize dictatorships like n. korea 's .
sorry to break this to you , but she took it back and tried to make both sides happy . she even wrote a letter of apology to joe manchin . backtracking on clean energy , clinton turns chameleon on coal & gt ; campaigning in appalachia on monday , hillary clinton claimed she `` misspoke '' when previously declaring her opposition to coal , telling voters that as president she would work to ensure that the dirtiest of the fossil fuels will `` continue to be sold and continue to be mined . ''
& gt ; it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . `` there 's no defending it , but i 'm going to do so anyway . ''
`` it is now increasingly likely navy secretary richard spencer will be named acting defense secretary for a brief period when mark esper , who is currently in the acting position following the dramatic implosion of patrick shanahan 's nomination , is formally nominated for the permanent role . '' so when there 's a confirmed defense secretary there 's also an acting defense secretary ? am i reading this right and does that even make sense ? is there some kind of rule that says you ca n't be an acting anything while going through the confirmation process and thus the need for a temporary acting secretary that sounds a little redundant ?
the reasoning is that people from privileged identities or backgrounds ca n't fully understand marginalized peoples ' stories . whether you agree with that or not , i think it 's clear that this is the thinking we are moving toward , and it is disruptive to undermine that messaging . try to follow where the thought leaders are going and give them the bandwidth . just a thought . ;
we need to start looking for mass graves at the border .
anybody praising trump for meeting with that dictator is a fucking moron .
i believe that `` pena '' refers to `` feeling sorry for someone else '' and not a synonym .
removed
deleted
hmmm . tell that to every monarch . nice sound bite but his has been untrue for most of human history .
not murder , but murder by the state .
ivanka so cringey and out of place .
wow ... there is just so much hostility in that comment that ’ s unnecessary
it 's not nearly as bad as people are making it out to be . it was awkward , but like a four out of ten .
removed
bernie was allocated 19 delegates from west virginia , and hillary was allocated 18 :
you have such an odd way of using the word illegal . people are not `` illegals '' . illegal is an adjective describing doing something that breaks the law . people might make an illegal crossing into the united states , but that does not make them personally illegal . sheez . learn english .
removed
damn you ’ re the smartest person alive . you ’ ve brought up the most relevant thing that applies perfectly to this situation
main thing people seem to forget ... .
well maybe tucker carlson was right , you 've got ta kill people to lead . is that what you wanted to hear ?
i was just about to buy a couch from wayfair . glad i read this . now i definitely won ’ t buy from them .
oh a formal `` complaint '' ohhh myyyyy
finally what is relevant after 20 bullshit gossip related posts . i 'm here for the facts .
we like candidates who can spell words and don ’ t rape people .
donald with the backhanded compliments , hillary with `` best thing i can say about him is his children are n't all assholes ''
damn you rock auto !
the problem is the gop can just keep on demonizing immigrants and minorities , and that 'solution ' to the working class unfortunately has endless potential , i guess until there are n't any immigrants / minorities left to blame . & amp ; # x200b ; dems have a different kind of problem , where they campaign on lofty promises for the working class that sound good , but the dem establishment leadership does n't actually want to follow up and fight for when they actually are in power . and that disappointment in dems not really following up on anything they promise to the working class looks phony , and is a lot more devastating for losing support . & amp ; # x200b ; but with fear/demonization , you do n't really have to offer lofty promises that you then spinelessly back out on , so there is less disappointment . you just have to hate/blame others more .
i got ta read this damn book
removed
you somehow believe that this could n't happen on the democratic side ?
removed
removed
because he ’ s been vocal about the issues that a lot of younger people care about , and he ’ s been talking about those issues since before many of them were born . they want someone who is genuine about trying to fix the issues , and bernie has been remarkably consistent . not perfect , of course , but very consistent compared to most politicians .
that would be fine if people only invested in individual stocks , but most people do n't do that because it 's a stupid way to invest if you do n't know what you 're doing . most everyday people put their money into mutual funds , which hold a diverse portfolio of stocks and/or bonds and distributes any gains or dividends to investors in the fund . this is how people make money in their retirement accounts . a 0.5 % tax means the gains distributed to the investors are reduced every time the fund rebalances the portfolio , which means money that should be going to the 401ks of people trying to responsibly plan for retirement is instead going to the government , and over an entire career that can add up to hundreds of thousands of dollars lost due to compound interest , even for people who are n't rich . so yes . 401ks will be taxed under this plan .
based on another comment there were only 7 total so those other 3 did n't do bad either .
maybe republicans overwhelmingly don ’ t live in urban areas with the highest proportion of uninsured immigrants ?
said the jackass bartender .
will the russiabot selfdestruct if it does n't get the last word in ?
i 'm sure there are legions of concerned doctors and nurses who would happily go to these places to treat the children at or below cost .
removed
they did n't ? i ca n't tell if you 're trolling , and if you are , bravo , but just in case you 're not ... they did n't . anyone with any financial literacy would understand that when they are said to have that money `` in cash , '' it implies that they have that much in relatively liquid investments . it 's not like apple executives told their shareholders that that have 200 billion dollars in a checking account down at local city savings and loan .
removed
& gt ; lmfao what do you want them to do just release the kids they have to watch them they can ’ t just fucking leave them on the curb lmfao stop making seeking asylum a zerotolerance `` crime '' where families are separated and this would n't be a problem .
& gt ; why would they continue coming for people after they got rid of all the problems ? because authoritarianism , more specifically fascism , is built on a narrow and arbitrary `` us '' versus an everbroadening `` them '' . its obsession with purity and illdefined `` us '' inevitably leads to more people being sacrificed as problematic `` others '' when all problems are n't magically solved . this is life , the problems are never all solved . when feudalism was the default , the people living and dying only to sustain the alreadywealthy had no hope of a voice . millions died and now fewer poor have to live and die now to make the wealthy richer but at least have a hope of a voice and would prefer to not have to die to make the wealthy richer . tomorrow the working and poor classes might not have to die but might prefer to have meaningful employment . or demand the right to orange juice every morning , it really does n't matter because history is a story of change .
bullshit .
it ’ s too immature for my liking .
you ’ re dramatic with all your punctuation ! ! !
facepalm
the degree is relevant , the asteroid not so much .
& gt ; i 'm not disagreeing with that , ok. tucker carlson defends death camps . pretty damning . & gt ; but please why would i chase your nonsense around when you have already admitted that tucker carlson defends brutal death camps ?
defeatism is a right wing messaging ploy .
we have anywhere from 1.5 to 5.5 more years of this .
& gt ; how is she not progressive enough ? she , like sanders , points out that inequality , in all facets of life , is the real problem we all face , but she does not question capitalism as the root of the inequality . some also are reluctant because she did not support sanders in 2016 and she could have been the difference .
& gt ; a group that is very clearly opposed to corporate interests no dude , we 're talking about third way .
yes . he likes it that way .
appalling
send your friend the clips from the debate where they talked about the military and foreign policy . he/she probably did n't watch the whole thing .
“ you can ’ t defend them at all ! but let me defend them real quick ”
no i know this . you know this . people should know this . it doesn ’ t matter to him because he is equivocating totalitarian regimes with regular nations in a bid to sell north korea to his audience . i mean look how great they get along with trump un must be very good people !
lmao it 's 2020 you idiots find a different scarecrow for your base . this is so pathetic
no shit . assuming we hate all white people is ridiculous and offensive . where does this mindset even come from ?
agree . i don ’ t align with may at all , but she ’ s at least reasonably intelligent .
“ do you like being misled ? ” go ahead and google how many times trump has openly lied to the american public . compare that to known lies from other presidents if you want to have some fun . the hypocritical peak of the right is bitching about disinformation and fake news while supporting someone who tells huge obvious lies every week .
according to what guidelines ? your definition of positive and negative rights is entirely inconsistent with what you are saying . the right for the infant ’ s care from its mother is the same right allotted for the fellow citizen in need of healthcare ; it ’ s a right to life and equal opportunity . regardless of which definition of right you try to ascribe healthcare , every single right you want to protect places obligations on others within that society in order enforce them , so the point you are trying to make is entirely moot .
removed
so we take a page out of the right wing playbook and amplify it on the left . trump got the neonazis all excited and the centrist republicans followed because what were they gon na do , not vote for a republican ? get a far left candidate to energize the base . far from alienating other democrats , they will have no choice but to vote for the far left candidate as well . they wo n't vote trump . and we get the added benefit of high turnout .
removed
this submission has been automatically removed because it comes from a blogging platform . more information can be found here i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
shh ... you 're ruining their narrative .
christian values .
q post ?
thank you for this link . an excellent , if terrifying , explanation of our current government and its aspirations .
you should check out dan crenshaw then .
christ . she ’ s the policy candidate . her hand in the air ? oh my god ...
i saw that as a huge positive , actually . he could have easily given a non answer or said that he 's not in charge of hiring or blamed systemic racism , but he had the courage to say the buck stops here .
deleted
there 's a pretty stark difference in ideology between the two , they just tend to end up at similar places in the end .
went to wharton and did what exactly ? i do n't see how she would have been capable of doing anything other than whoring herself out to the depraved students for 2 years . though i suppose to her credit that would be the smartest business decision their family has made since trump sr .
he literally wouldn ’ t even acknowledge there has been an increased concentration of wealth . what an intellectual coward .
“ this country is built on neopotism bruh , get over it. ” abraham lincoln
removed
a liberalitarian is a person who eats liberals . like ben shapiro . /s
it ’ s not ageism . it ’ s observation of individual behavior . biden ’ s starting to show his age , but don ’ t forget that senator warren is also a septuagenarian . the difference is that she ’ s obviously still sharp as a tack , so it doesn ’ t really matter . bernie is slightly more questionable , in that he sometimes sounds a bit like a broken record , but he ’ s similarly sharp . trump , of course , has regressed to the mental maturity of an 8yearold , so he ’ s something else entirely .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's me during a job interview
deleted
a noble cause , but i want him to get my shit , the loose mud butt after a solid weekend out across south broadway , rino , and the highlands . i want him to have that special dump after i grill that corn up just right in the backyard .
any other topics you wan na discuss besides that tucker defended a muderous dictator ?
tucker carlson has never said anything true , hard or soft . he ’ s a liar , but his lies only work on morons .
itt : maga bootlicks the dprk . ' a certain amount of murder of citizens should be expected by the government ! '
it 's not appropriate for bolton to be anywhere near any official government business . guy is a complete fuck up of a human being and his existence of foreign diplomacy is detrimental to america .
how does that make any damm sense ?
you 're missing my point . political stunt or not , any attempt made is good in my book . normalizing relations with countries like north korea is going to be the first step on a long road to bringing them into the international community and providing a better situation for the people living there . even if nothing changes , at least there was an attempt .
no sorry , you 're wrong .
dude , i was born and raised in oregon . lived there for 27 before moving . i never saw a civilian open carrying . ever .
deleted
it ’ s the worst thing on reddit
oops ! flipped their names in my mind .
again crowley put little effort into his campaign . look at the spending tyt spent on aoc from their pac . it was a no brainier why she won .
you wan na do a wikipedia dive on why their countries are like that ? hint : we have a lot to do with it . maybe we should help fix the messes we created .
why not ? you can have it so that the right to a doctor or healthcare services isn ’ t blocked by the government . the other is mandating that the government provide you those services .
& gt ; the first part of any debate should be establishing objectively defined terms . i 'm sorry , you did n't define `` any . ''
modern western liberal democracies do n't . give me examples of them killing people . how about scandinavia , could you please list some people those countries have killed in the last 30 years ? that should be a long enough timeline for something `` normal '' to happen quite a lot , right ?
comic book level evil foreshadowing getting us ready for when , `` leading a country '' requires `` killing people '' here . hell , we 're already killing people , it 's just the start of the s curve of only a subset of society , so it 's hardly noticeable . if this trajectory ever shows itself to actually be an s curve , it means we were far too late to save millions of lives .
deleted
it 's the newspaper owned by the unification church , colloquially known as the moonies .
i know who were talking about . if that 's your definition of a corporate interest then you 've got to many screws loose to have a valid conversation with . the group in favor of refforming the college education system is hardly a corporate interest . just because they pointed out the problems with sanders ' plan you 've decided they are corporate ? that false dichotomy attitude is everything wrong with politics in a nutshell .
i 'm not a defender of tucker carlson lol
removed
he was in a seattle coffee shop . you don ’ t think a leader of our country should be better than a decade+ behind the times ?
not relevant to her intelligence ? & gt ; she came in second in the microbiology category of the intel international science and engineering fair with a microbiology research project on the effect of antioxidants on the lifespan of the nematode c . elegans . 21 in a show of appreciation for her efforts , the mit lincoln laboratory named a small asteroid after her : 23238 ocasiocortez . 22 23
removed
but bar tending and being the laughing stock of the congress for knowing literally nothing about laws or economics is a career ? lol !
maybe . but then there are the ones who know he 's a fraud but do n't care because he 's the tool at hand . i do n't know what the right answer is .
i 'm really happy to see the old cracked crew still doing great stuff .
there 's a reason you have to lie like this to try to make your point you do n't have a point . get back to us when liberals put a guy who thinks windmill noise causes cancer in charge of the world 's biggest nuclear arsenal .
abc isnt alone . one of the bush daughters has replaced kathy lee in that morning talk show she used to do on nbc . i 've never really watched it so i do n't know how political it gets , but it seems like networks are more than willing to help keep the spotlight on wealthy conservative kids .
so he thinks our only right is to not be a slave ? next time he tries that shit ask him if voting counts as one of those social constructs . or anything on the bill of rights .
do they have robots writing the stories at this publication ? someone needs to reprogram them to recognize that clinton is n't running .
yeah , i know . i was just listing an example of another communist regime they would probably like . now that i think of it , i should have said china .
& gt ; just like sanders should have dropped out after super tuesday . lol it was far from over by then . but sanders is vindicated for staying in because he was right about hillary not being able to beat trump . the modern way to win presidential elections is to boost base turnout , not the failed strategy of appealing to centrist major donors .
a worse one .
i 've met tulsi several times in the past year . she 's incredibly warm , but she 's also a little shyer than the average extroverted politician which can probably make standing out in the foodfight format of the debate stage difficult . longform interviews like the one she had on joe rogan is where she really shines , you should check it out !
trump goes from making fun of his dick to licking his boots . master negotiator .
californian here . can confirm .
johnoliver.gif
& gt ; protesters carried antitrump and queer liberation signs , chanting , “ whose streets ? our streets ! ” & gt ; & gt ; “ we march for the liberation of our community so they can live and celebrate their identity . so they can reclaim it . this will always remain a protest , not an advertisement , ” seller said . & gt ; & gt ; other attendees focused on the progress that ’ s been made within the lgbtq community over the last few decades . & gt ; & gt ; “ we ’ ve come so far in the past 20 years , ” said 55yearold gary piper , who came from kansas to celebrate pride with his partner . “ i remember friends who would be snatched off the streets in texas for dressing in drag . they ’ d have to worry about being persecuted for their identity. ” & amp ; # x200b ; trump threatens to undermine all of that progress , on a daily basis .
hey he ’ s not wrong .
removed
deleted
deleted
he actually did defend us , but the deep state suppressed the news .
corruption can only get worse if politicians are paid less .
it 's not like how you think it is . please listen carefully to what the guy says at 2:28
deleted
that 's getting a upvote for the lovecraft reference !
& amp ; # x200b ; putin has been working on destruction of the western democracies for at least 10 years and , the former soviet kgb man is carrying out khrushchev 's promise to bury the u.s.a. and the free world . with a lot of help from white nationalists fascists and oligarchs all around the globe including within the power circle of the u.s.a .
# .kavkwyowe ivanka 's quote towards the end
he 's counting on it
deleted
removed
& gt ; i have no idea how thats even slightly relevant ? i 'm shocked that you ca n't follow a comment chain , truly shocked .
i 'd really enjoy seeing tucker carlson 's life fall apart much like paul manafort/michael cohen .
removed
i ’ m kinda curious wtf “ super beta prostate ” is , but there is no way in hell i am googling that .
anyone notice the whole “ violent left ” talking point got a lot quieter ?
nope . it is n't . check your definition .
also , neither bill nor hillary are anything right now , and havent been for the past 2 years . if boards only wanted her for access to them , they would have booted her off the minute hillary lost the election . also , why have n't the two trump boys been named to any boards in the past year for the sole purpose of access ?
& gt ; i only wonder how long it is before they start being open about getting rid of natural born american citizens they do n't like . my mom says they should get all the muslims in america and ship them to muslim lands . she also says republicans are too nice to democrats who play dirty . she also now does n't believe in global warming either . i 'm so fucking pissed at her . prolife was her gateway drug .
try harder
we disagree that a payroll tax is progressive , it isn ’ t , just because there is a possible better return on the investment it doesn ’ t make it progressive . a rich person gets the same benefit as you and they won ’ t pay anything . i could use your model to defend a flat tax as progressive . it just isn ’ t .
he went to the hospital with a traumatic brain injury .
i understand your point . but i 'd have to do a lot more than call him a fruit to sink to his level .
& gt ; bernie sanders is one of the people were decided to be bigoted against this decade : white males . my fucking sides . you 're killing me here , oh shit you 're serious . christ , here . you 're gon na need this .
i thought the same thing looking at the image . he 'd be driving over the bodies yelling `` playing through ! '' & amp ; # x200b ; edit : or he 'd ask them to trim the hedges .
it 's the north korean , `` stall for time '' play . no american president has ever been so stupid as to let it drag on for this long .
lol . get out of here .
oh tucker . you lil devil you .
from joe crowley 's wikipedia page : & gt ; he was defeated by democratic primary challenger alexandria ocasiocortez in what was viewed as one of the largest upsets of the midterm elections . 1
id say more of a family dollar imperium
a lot of people get degrees , that does n't make a great candidate for a job just because you graduated . she should show that she understands economics instead of pushing her absurd and completely impractical `` green new deal '' which not even her own party would vote on . how about some job experience ? if she graduated with those degrees , where was her work in the field ? what economist or related work experience did she ever land with that degree ? or was she another barista living paycheck to paycheck spending on credit , hoping someone like bernie or warren would come along and forgive it all . not someone i care to have on the financial services committee when she 's complaining about `` barely being able to afford rent '' . what did that degree get you ? i 'm sensing an empty suit here . actual work experience trumps a degree in every regard . and i do n't consider the house of represenatives an `` entrylevel '' position with her lack of work experience . say what you will about ivanka but she has tenfold the experience that aoc has .
stop please for the love of christ stop the only way trump can win , is to rig the elections ... . again
deleted
would be great . but until they bring it back into the country , it 's not really touchable . that money belongs to an irish among others company that apple happens to own . it 's a trade off , apple ca n't use the money in the us , but the us government does n't get to tax it .
this is the part she would admit . combined with trump saying he would date her if they were n't related , saying she is attractive , when asked what they have in common , responds `` sex '' , etc . it 's not far fetched to believe he would go beyond that .
also that video of her trying to but in at the g20 . gawd she 's a dumbass . it 's so embarrassing .
what did the comment say ?
problem is people knew alex jones was a freak , people actually listen to tucker and the bullshit he spreads
who hurt him ?
link ?
well , it 's hard to tell by someone 's appearance . the main thing is the cia says he 's a russian asset .
one point would be that home loans include real equity , so that debt is collateralized unlike student loans . people with home loans can sell the home to pay off the mortgage . ca n't sell back a degree . same with auto loans . payday loans are n't usually collateralized but they are n't a significant enough part of the economy , nor would such a program be as potentially popular with voters . paying off home loans would actually likely increase the wealth gap and could potentially harm the economy . it would be a stimulus to only those who have already obtained enough wealth to purchase a home in the current climate , so people would likely buy a 2nd home or do massive renovations to increase the value of their properties . thus the supply would further shrink and there would be upward pressure on home prices . linking student loan forgiveness to a tuitionfree program would make it more likely that people could rise into the middle class , instead of making it less likely like home loan forgiveness would . secondly , student loans are having a marked effect on people aged \~2040 right now , depressing home purchasing , car purchasing , etc . by freeing up those resources for workers it would likely be a massive stimulus to the economy because of all of the purchasing power it would provide that would actually get spent .
funny how that 's been left out of all the actual news reports . i wonder why that is ?
deleted
but this is an attack on dear leader !
you definitely proved tucker carlson was n't defending north korea by defining the word `` but . '' brilliant .
it 's utter bullshit that he ca n't be indicted . that 's some old doj memo that really needs to be challenged in court ... by filing indictments .
tell me what you think i need to know .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
this is what the president has become . idiot from reality tv ? oh boy .
yep . even the sharpest 75+ yo will decline under the enormous strain of the presidency . reagan ’ s alzeheimers probably accelerated due to his 8 years . an 80 year old entering the white house is something i ’ d be very concerned about .
fuck you tucker carlson . leading a country means defending people you schmuck .
there have been other articles , and i think it was mentioned in one of the indictments but i did n't look to find that . uk is investigating them for the same thing , i am betting the evidence exists .
maintaining power in north korea means ordering north koreans to be killed on north korean soil . this is what tucker , and you , are defending , either by ignorance or obfuscation . true statement .
deleted
seeing the words trump , threeway and fist in a headline is n't just awkward , it 's gross .
defending murder , then ?
well , i may have given that post a silver , which is almost that ?
why are there no lawsuits for the current violation of this statute , then ? edit : thanks for all of your replies ! another thought . what is so odd to me , then , too , is that they are certainly having the benefits of someone that is paid directly . what i mean by this is that they are flying all over the world and i really doubt that they are paying for hotels , food , entertainment and travel out of their own pockets ? i do think this law needs to be expanded upon , in that it should be `` directly or indirectly paid or compensated , '' and it should even go so far as to state `` any position of influential leverage . '' regardless of what doj states , ca n't this be challenged in courts ?
money from corporate lobbyists to pay off his student loans
this guy post nothing but anti bernie spam .
criticism = bias , got it
the right has gone batshit crazy anything seminormal is to the left
he can ’ t
if you 're talking about setting up some kind of charitable trust that they could use to do that and nothing else i suppose that would be fine though it still leads to some of the stupid shit we see today like gates trying to subvert public education ... however , still better than what shitler 's kids are doing with their family 's money . i take your point about the mic , i suppose the meritocracy would require other adjustments to be made to our system .
god forbid anyone read past the headline .
removed
can confirm , was there today . so many wonderful people filled the streets .
he made the crisis children were n't being put in cages and sleeping on floors with nothing but an aluminum blanket or drowning in rivers just trying to get to a better life before fucking trump
tackling racism is a waste of time ? talk about privileged entitlement .
no chance , warren is running a substantive campaign . she did n't get any bump from the debate because there was no one really to debate her . once she 's in the ring with the other heavy hitters she 'll get back in there . harris will fade in a couple weeks , it 's what always happens when someone scores a big win in a debate .
i do n't know i did n't vote for him nor do i support his increase in spending . my entire point was that the ludicrous spending is the cause of the massive debt the u.s. is in . i do n't blindly ignore that he 's increased spending . i do n't want increased spending on either side . the entire point of the article is that most of the democratic candidates are advocating increasing spending alot which would make the debt worse . at this point it seems the only difference between republicans and democrats is the rate at which they spend money .
he ’ s burning through the political currency that was handed him much like he did his family money that was handed him , some people never learn from their mistakes
you 're the punchline .
no , they 're corporate ghouls because their board of trustees are all investment bankers and most of their funding comes from investment bankers , they 're strongly against medicare for all and expanding social security , and pretty much anything else that might hurt their rich investment banker donors ' pockets .
weren ’ t you an ex waitress or bartender ? and you somehow got elected by liberals and it shows you have no idea what your talking about ! maga2020
exactly just for the buys and the city .
deleted
depends on how you define the word , but most americans have only heard the term as they learned about the holocaust and this situation is no holocaust . the people that die are the ones that do n't make it to these camps or are too far gone to save . what do you suggest , government housing ? that would only attract more people . we would never keep up .
the previous approach was to have joint talks with japan , south korea , china , russia , and north korea since these were successful earlier before gw bush canceled the original nuclear agreement . this also worked with iran . without pressure from russia and china north korea will do nothing .
actually it 's pennsylvania , although my man calls it pennsyltucky as we 're a tad redneckety around here !
sexist too .
an innocent man being accused of a fake crime for political gains ?
this submission has been automatically removed as it is either a link shortener or link redirector . /r/politics does n't allow link shorterners or redirectors because users should be able to tell where they 're going when they click a link . you are encouraged to resubmit your submission with the url that points directly to the content you 're submitting . more information can be found here i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
americans regularly go bankrupt due to basic medical care . but that is pretty authoritarian .
wow just because they do it does n't excuse anyone
it 's pretty clear what he meant from his quotes , they 're in the article
yup , just another swing of the damn pendulum . i love having to try and clean up their messes and actually progress as a country at the same time . then being told doing so means i hate the country . it 's fucking lovely , really .
uhm ... if that ’ s the case why is this benefit only being offered to people that went to college ? are there not people struggling that didn ’ t take out student loans ? why exactly are they not also getting a massive handout ?
used to refer to one or some of a thing or number of things , no matter how much or many .
i disagree , booker seems to be a great guy and does right by his constituents but from a strategical pov i do n't think he adds anything to the ticket that harris is n't already bringing herself . why do you feel that booker would be a better pick for her ?
yep , they mostly live in the country and pretend to be rugged individualists , while suckling those sweet sweet blue state federal dollars
looks like harris is going to be the flavor of the week ahead . we 'll see if the support lasts . i 'm sure some congressmen are eager to find an alternative to sanders and biden to endorse .
no , he 's making the point that 's no less incorrect to say a canadian voted for particular person for prime minister than it is to say an american voted for a particular presidential candidate . both are technically wrong but also effectively correct . the point real point is if you 're going to split hairs , be consistent .
too bad he 's too much of a coward to go through a proper investigation .
politics aside no one on the face of this planet has more respect from kim jung un than president donald j trump 🚂🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
it 's completely possible to practice internalized misogyny or racism , so yes .
it 's not normal tho
damn , biden looks like a reject from westworld .
hi ` jlenney1 ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason : already submitted : this article has been submitted to /r/politics within the last three days : i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
`` it 's okay that north korea killed otto because kim needs to be a strong leader . '' tucker carlson
removed
i expect nothing less form the bowtied tuck it in cuckson
deleted
the denizens of which feed off of suffering caused in our realm , most frequently characterized by creamed corn , and referred to as garmonbozia , referring to the energy caused by suffering . this is the energy by which the entities that are native to that plane find nourishment .
deleted
every diplomat has failed for nearly 70 years ... until now .
did you listen to the interview ? there was context .
the man knows how to give fox news something `` brave '' to talk about for the next few months . no way the secret service let this idiot try to do something for a photo session without taking all precautions .
wow he really has such an utter disregard for human life , it ’ s honestly kind of sick that so many people listen to this piece of shit
great let 's just keep taking the office of the presidency lower , once notch at a time dumb fuck will probably trade alaska and all of our nuclear secrets for a plaque on the dmz wall that says 45th president of the united states donald j trump was here
i mean i agree with the sentiment but don ’ t go defending nk lol
good . now they can oppress their countries into oblivion together
how are you going to tell who 's illegal before you start urgent or emergent treatment ?
& gt ; twothirds of millennials do n't have a landline . so yeah , it 's a little beyond silly to only poll land line owners , unless you absolutely want to exclude young voters . not even just young , most middle aged people do n't have landlines either .
are you serious ? he ’ s more ridiculous than kim ? the guy who lines up dissidents , his own party members and anyone who just kind of annoys him and executes them with quad 20mm antiaircraft guns ?
deleted
removed
deleted
holy hell . apparently i missed some things in the comments
remember . trump does n't do anything for the good of the country . he only does things that are for the good of trump . that is all this was . just a shallow stunt that trump can spout to boost his ego .
i wonder if the gop successfully raising a militia to stop the democratic process in oregon and prevent pollution regulations has anything to do with this . testing the waters for armed response for their calls to action ?
the russians lol
fuck off clownhall .
yep . another example of a republican who could n't get a real job was george w. bush .
given the information we have to work with for a hypothetical general election matchup between clinton and sanders ' shot at trump , and the actual results of the election , every percent difference was extremely important . & amp ; # x200b ; and it was suppressed , although i would also be willing to admit the media absolutely is n't doing it 's job in giving candidates balanced coverage , and we really need to pass election laws to stop artificially propping up candidates are destroying them . if the internet did n't exist , sanders never ever would have had a shot in 2016 .
the price admission to operate in a civilized country is not theft . not to mention the grants to monopolize prescious natural resources , aka , property .
`` some more news '' is the youtube series , and `` even more news '' is the podcast series
he just had his sit down with ol ’ putin .
& gt ; but he has openly praised elizabeth warren . only because he believes that trump can beat warren .
nah , just some students should n't go to college . common sense
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i proved my point that the headline is clickbait nonsense that people are flocking to without ever reading the headline . nice try though logic master you cant even figure out the intent of the op i put instead just defending a fellow hate filled individual . such strength many karma come your way and the internet be proud of you for your virtuous stance . many praise be onto you .
username checks out lol .
i 'm sorry , you did n't define `` refer . ''
removed
she ’ s already done that with “ her ” shoe and coat lines . settled out of court both times .
appeals to ignorance and populism do n't make your points sound , or make the degree you miss the point any less pronounced . was n't a hard point , but you managed miss it anyhow
deleted
deleted
the 'white power hour ' is going strong .
yo stop i hate trump just as much as the next guy but chelsea clinton is a product of nepotism
the north korea problem is going to be solved 1 of 2 ways , war , or diplomacy . trump had his ass chapped by the left for increasing tensions with nk that brought us closer to solution 1 , now he 's using solution 2 and is getting his ass chapped again . diplomacy is n't going to the negotiating table and calling the other person a monster , war criminal , dictator , asshole and expecting a positive result . you ca n't perpetually give nk the stick and never the carrot . it 's best to reduce the tensions as to avoid war or the need for increased sanctions which also brings us closer to war .
i misread that as jimmy carter .
how so ? any service requires resourses . human nature wo n't allow something for nothing , or a forced something for long . you would replace one tyranny for another . i did say an overhaul of many systems is needed before this could be accomplished , which i want to be so . that fact is all of this benevoulence requires money . at least right now . where are the truly good people going to get it ?
shows you how bad liberals are that it ’ s still better to be an conservative for normal people .
people who are awesome at debate tend to not know the basic systems of cars .
i do n't care what aoc says here . ivanka was given the direct track to interact with world leaders and she 's cashing in like most adult children would . id do the same if my interests were in politics and i was an advisor . how many times in our own lives have we tried to speak in front of people and our voices were ignored and it was awkward . i bet aoc went through that to break through . this was just caught on camera . sucks to be ivanka here but i 'm sure she may have been more successful elsewhere
nah . it ’ s more like asking why jews want to come to america when france or poland are just fine . they ’ re fleeing violence and gangs that are able to more easily reach them there
likely ? sounds like no proof
just a friendly fyi but the term `` degenerates '' in a political context is one which has been repopularized by neo nazis online , was originally popularized by og nazis , and has it roots in a much older theory of civilization which fundamentally upholds fascist worldviews . . whether you realize it or not , talking about degenerates is just solidifying a fascist ideology further , because it casts the problems of our nation as ones which are caused by a specific class of people rather than systemic conditions which give rise to those classes of people .
it 's a good thing that this is a very casual comment for you , it 's not like you have any agenda right ? it 's not like you registered this account just to slam a candidate right ?
you ’ re
taking bets on how long before they legitimately call for the extermination of 'dirty libs ' .
no he does n't rape anymore he just stacks his office with very hot eye candy and coaches his daughter 's athletic girls basketball team .
removed
eh , not definitively . it offers a lot of circumstantial evidence stating that it ’ s unlikely he was physically tortured , but does not rule it out . the article even goes out of the way to mention that he could have also been psychologically tortured .
i ’ d vote for that . tired of these idiots spouting nonsense . my take ‘ you ! outta the gene pool ! ’
third way senior vice president admits majority of think tank 's funding comes from wall street how do you reconcile them getting a majority of their funding by wall street and then claiming they 're not a corporate interest ? what 's funny is that in 2013 third way attacks warren but in 2019 they now support her . “ elizabeth warren kills it at @ blkeconalliance candidate forum . love her entrepreneurship fund , ” the third way cofounder tweeted saturday .
hi ` bluestblue ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason : already submitted : this article has been submitted to /r/politics within the last three days : i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
it 's the matrix..and some dick bag let a virus in
can we replace you with migrants . the country would be a better off .
republicans and libertarians agree about education if you ’ ve looked around lately . your other points are pretty comical . i will correct my opinion based on your reply . my new opinion is that libertarians hold some views from both parties ... ..they just don ’ t have any plans or ideas relating to reality or how to implement them . they are more deluded and useless than even i thought !
yup ... and if the country is running without a deficit and very little debt i guess that would be different . if not then the taxes paid by everyone were n't enough . this is all just theoretical discussion revolving around what we think this country is supposed to be and what it actually is .
the thing about bigots like you , who defend other bigots , is you remove all other context to focus on the miniscule to justify your beliefs . you want us to forget that the person who hired bolton also hired carlson . that they 're both cozying up to nk .
eh no , your social contract idea makes no sense . a civilised society shouldn ’ t revolve around mass theft and gang rule .
`` what 's an omelet ? '' north koreans
not weird at all really . he ’ s the media part of the propaganda machine . he ’ s there to document and spread trump ’ s “ diplomacy ” to the masses .
trumps oppressing the us ?
but sasha and malia are good smart kids , so they would likely fit in better than this bimbo .
we do n't need a better relationship with kju 's evil regime and no i do n't think it doe build a better relationship . it weakens the us position and strengthens nk 's that 's not an improvement in that relationship from america 's perspective . why did you think no us president chose to do it if it 's so obviously a good idea ? why was it the non controversial policy and strategy of the us for so long to not do this if it 's obviously a good idea ? why would avoiding it be the prevailing wisdom for decades if doing it is obviously good ? think about it .
that fact that you forged onward past obvious ridiculousness is admirable . thank you for being strong , _right . edit : that and grammar
i didn ’ t . that was a space balls reference . bet that ’ s where the got the idea from .
are you getting your facts from news sources that claim there was a snipers nest ?
why cut it off when they can just use it as the state media , which it already is ?
lol . no one knows what ivanka trump does . and she was not ‘ appointed ’ to represent us citizens , she is an aide to the president and is on his staff . she can not work outside her father ’ s staff due to nepotism laws . again . i didn ’ t troll ivanka trump nor did aoc . the french gov ’ t did . so yah . she is working out just fine /s
thanks for making my point
what message does this send to iran a nation which isn ’ t in violation of any nuclear treaty ?
i ’ m down with prosecuting the criminal bush administration too
demonstrating and insisting the company donate the profit is admirable ; refusing to send beds whether based on the theory that army surplus exists or not to children who are tonight sleeping on concrete is just as cruel as the policies that put them there . should the employees of the food vendor likewise stand up and refuse to deliver food to the concentration camps ? hopefully no one thinks so . deliver the beds . deliver the food . and i hope there are doctors lining up by the hundreds to go in and give medical care . i worry some won ’ t under the misguided notion that this kind of participation equals culpability . i worry that people will put their own need to tell themselves they have clean hands over the needs of these kids and they ’ ll convince themselves that denying these kids basic necessities is somehow right and “ standing up against ” these atrocities .
u re looking for common sense in this subredit ? you must be new around lol
i have no idea why you are projecting what you think my views are on the decision of the judge . my issue is that the media thinks it is significant to report which president appointed the judge , as it that makes any difference whatsoever .
lol , ivanka as well as all the other trump children attended wharton cos her father donated money , just another person born on third base who thinks they hit a home run . aoc won 2nd prize in the intel international science and engineering fair in high school and double majored in international relations and economics and was a john f lopez fellow . sorry but there is no comparison .
tucker carlson is too dumb for words .
no not indecent at all , just weird
nypost is a propaganda outlet for the murdochs
& gt ; “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . & gt ; “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ”
well he 's right about that . the us military has killed way more people than the nk govt . downvoted for telling the truth ?
ah , joe . . . were that you were smarter & amp ; avoided controversies w/ your examples .
what a guy
they are not giving up shit .
& gt ; thou shalt not murder ? fuck it , you got ta murder a few people let ’ s just be honest ! oh , right . those rules are n't for us . we get to break them for the good of the nation .
removed
removed
it 's subversive , but not dangerous . frankly quite the opposite . tucker carlson is a white nationalist human garbage dump , but his antiwar tendency is something i have to respect . he frames it like this because the question that 95 % of americans miss is , what right does america have to dictate and cajole north korea into doing what we want them to do ? absolutely none , just like how we have no right determining the lives of people in any other part of the world . it 's a repressive , authoritarian country , but i doubt the us threatening them with nuclear annihilation does much to help that . meanwhile we support some of the most despotic , brutal regimes on the planet . saying there 's no hypocrisy there or ignoring it is giving credence to the aggressive foreign policy of the us . that we in fact do have the right to dictate how the world is run .
my choice of delusion for the current primary is that biden is intentionally sabotaging himself so he wo n't split the ticket and then can direct money to someone else those corporations would n't have given to . i know that 's not true , but it 's nice to think about .
hello , i 'm an influencer ! i got world peace in a wrap .
he is unnecessary . he ’ s an ancient privileged white man who has no place in modern democratic politics . same with biden . they don ’ t check any boxes whatsoever , identity politics ... so in right now . bernie is an old jew from vermont . that doesn ’ t even qualify for the medal race when you have a native american , mixed race indianamerican that portrays herself as harriet tubman , a white guy who is virtually transitioning to a mexican , a bald light skinned gay black man , another gay man christian though , yucky ! , and a bunch of superb interesting diverse people . go back to the third home bernie , the one on the lake .
removed
russian asbestos wrapped in tinfoil
in 2015/2016 , republicans had : 1 . ben carson 2 . carly fiorina 3 . huckabee 4 . scott walker 5 . rick santorum and last but not least , ted cruz . who was a pitiful coward and ended up endorsing the king clown trump , even after trump viciously insulted his own wife and father . trump may be putin 's cock holster , but ted belongs to trump .
he 's counting on it .
& gt ; nominating him would be the dumbest move democrats could make . & gt ; & gt ; shit , this really makes me worry . dems seem to have a knack for making the dumbest moves possible and snatching defeat from the jaws of victory . hoping something changes this year .
& gt ; democrats are winning elections over it when they actually ran on it and touted it instead of hiding from it . and now they 're running on getting rid of the popular program that people like so people can get something they dont know about . & gt ; this is what democrats need to do . scare people so they lose elections and never get to see an idea through ? & gt ; not by being timid with half measures and accepting the oppositions bullshit premises like that democrats are going to take away people 's healthcare that they like . 1 . that is how progress is made . incremental steps that avoid a massive backlash or alienating allies like myself and my family who are n't going to support someone running on taking away the healthcare we use , like , and are familiar with . i have way too much at stake for something i 'm not familiar with . so , give me a public option that i can transition to , that i can buy . if it 's better , it 'll put the private insurers out of business anyway . 2 . that was literally the question that warren , sanders and others answered affirmatively with . & gt ; they are going to provide better coverage than you currently have for less cost . not if you scare me and everyone else in their mid to late 30s and up into voting against the person proposing taking the healthcare we like away from me . that at the very least wants me to make sure there would n't be a democratic majority in the senate that would screw up my healthcare without a parallel plan . & gt ; the fact that you do n't get to keep your more expensive less effective plan in the process is not exactly the same as `` taking away something you like '' . it 's exactly what it means , and my plan is very effective and very cheap because it 's employer sponsored ... like most americans not on government issued plans . why ? because mostly healthy people are on those plans , you need to be at least healthy enough to hold down a job to get coverage so we dont have a ton of chronic conditions constantly pulling cash out of the shared pool . that 's why it works so well for the majority of working age americans . again.. the policy proposal is to take away insurance that works very well for the majority of working age americans , and force them to take something that has n't been tested . and no , medicare is not fully fleshed out . medicare for the elderly requires premiums and cost sharing.. neither of which are proposed in medicare for all . medicare does n't have to deal with pregnancy , one of the most expensive events in people 's medical life cycle . so do we know what it takes for a drug to be covered ? no . do we know what reimbursement rates are or how they vary ? no . will there be a lot of low cost providers for services like blood work or imaging that crowd out the higher cost ones , or will there be a cap on how the higher cost diagnostic services to allocate them to the most needy ? after all , if a low cost xray and a high cost one are the same to the patient , why would the patient opt for a lower cost , lower quality one ? my daughter needs blood work done on a fairly regular basis . will the blood work she gets be covered at the frequency that we get it ? my wife has other issues requiring diagnostic care and treatment . will those be covered ? will the coverage options change ? will the drugs in use be changed due to efficacy concerns ? will she get the same frequency of diagnosis services ? if so , does that mean everyone gets whatever they want on demand and how on earth do we accomodate unlimited wants with limited resources ? so yeah . not convinced until i see it working as it should without giving up what i have and rely on .
removed
i remember hearing an interview with a journalist who 's into this . i recommend a google search , though . i ca n't remember who it was , but i remember that his research seemed pretty thorough .
as a footnote
exactly . so this health vicinity argument may not be a great way to convince them to cough up money .
cmon you can ’ t just write that without providing a hyperlink . you must provide said hyperlink and commit seppuku in order to redeem your honor
removed
this & gt ; and on a populace level it turns out that female humans around the world tend to seek longterm relationships with men that have a higher relative wealth . does not , at all , lead inexorably to this & gt ; so yes , an influx of lowskilled workers is likely to depress longterm heterosexual relationships within a population even if the word saladish premise of the second assertion `` likely '' & amp ; `` longterm heterosexual relationships '' ? holds up under scrutiny on its own
you must be really old then .
we get through it with the power of love .
are you a prosecutor ? how do you measure success for prosecutors ? i 've always been curious because i know some prosecutors , but apparently everyone 's opinion on success for prosecutors is different . i 'm genuinely curious on your thoughts on this .
another deal that should n't have been made . does n't change the fact that they made 0 progress after canceling until trump . korea stopped testing icbm 's which is kind of a big deal , among other things . the iran deal was trash too , only stopped them for a decade at most making it impossible to pressure then afterwards since they 'd already have their own icbm 's and a good economy .
i 'm on mobile , the first couple links on a basic google can explain it . it 's controversial because i believe it was overturned or something years after it happened . also the fbi was spending considerable effort to sabotage and attaxk mlk and other black activists . these are n't conspiracy theories , but declassified info and are taught in us history classes in college .
removed
kinda wish they were right about some of this stuff .
and sanders fundraisers against the spector of establishment dems like buttgieg . that ’ s natural for , as discussed above , political opponents . ask buttgieg if he would vote for sanders . the answer probably isn ’ t what insane alarmists want to hear , which is to say , of course he would vote for him over trump .
`` these are my principles . and if you do n't like them , i have others . ''
& gt ; this is a war universe . war all the time . that is its nature . there may be other universes based on all sorts of other principles , but ours seems to be based on war and games . all games are basically hostile . winners and losers . we see them all around us : the winners and the losers . the losers can oftentimes become winners , and the winners can very easily become losers . william s. burroughs , `` the war universe '' , taped conversation , first published in grand street , no . 37 1991
& gt ; so the only option would be to go to war then no ? no . how many times during the us holding this around half century old policy did nk and usa go to war ?
life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . without an actual healthcare system , getting sick basically requires you to choose whether to give up the first one or the last two .
actually , i kinda have to praise him on that point since bolton is such a warmongering chickenhawk . fucker is a shitty white supremacist that could n't find his ass with two hands and a map , but i do n't think he 's thirsty for war . still , i 'm not sure this photo op changed any of the facts on the ground . that remains ... doubtful .
fuck me , but i ’ d love to see mitch mcconnell reprise the tragedy of darth plagueis the wise .
deleted
& gt ; the g20 representatives are literally the leaders of 20 countries . no , they 're representatives . that 's an important point that you 're making without even realizing it . sure , they can be leaders but it does n't sound like it 's a necessary requirement . and in all honesty , if anyone is trolling anyone in this , it 's trump . ha .
sure , lets pick any left wing talking head during the obama presidency . your choice . i know the point i 'm making is way over your head . nearly every president we have had since ww2 has been a murderous dictator . just because you liked them does not excuse what they did . you cant complain about everything the right does when it was done by democrats and you did nothing . tucker carlson is a mouthpiece , does he make laws ? does he have anything to do with actual policies or represent any members of government ? do you wan na waste your life arguing about what a crappy `` news reporter '' says , i think you would , because it easier than actually doing something productive or positive .
dailycaller is propaganda should not be whitelisted
deleted
bringing peace to the korean peninsula means nothing to you ? you ’ re a fucking clown .
germs .
not just an american thing . the english love their queen , who speaks about the poverty in her country while sitting in a literal golden room
washington examiner would be surprised to find out how many readers do n't identify with left , right or mainstream . those are outdated labels , and if you talk to people on the street who label themselves gop , many believe in progressive things , they 've just misunderstood which party represents them . kind of like how ivanka trump keeps talking up democratic women 's issues while being in the gop white house .
removed
how the fuck were they not allowed doctors ? ! !
removed
removed
removed
stop acting like republicans are n't deliberately leaving our election systems exposed to hacking and interference . & amp ; # x200b ; republicans are engaged in open war against our democracy . cheating is literally the only way they can win !
yeah , i definitely could agree to that i ’ m totally happy picking up the students ’ end of the bill a ton of countries do , and it seems to work . i think that we ’ d also need some way to keep costs reasonable once universities realize that the consumer doesn ’ t care what the price is ... .the price will go up .
the slave had the right to try to escape , too , right ?
a country of conartists and rubes . if you are n't conning someone then guess which one you are ...
secretary of state tucker carlson .
it 's not a crisis just because trump says it is . immigration has been going down for decades . the real crisis is the conditions these legal asylum seekers are subjected to . no border wall is going to stop people coming here who are claiming asylum
why are you moving goalposts ? why does obama having done something somehow excuse trump when he does something in a worse way ?
they did let the people decide , and it was decided by over 3 million votes 🤦‍♂️
& gt ; i disagree . during the debate he controlled hillary . he constantly battled her and she tried to go right back at him . eh ? at least during the first debate , hillary destroyed trump .
now that ’ s a funny way to win a debate . haven ’ t seen anybody yet that can hold a candle to him . facts are facts and they are in his favor .
& gt ; kaylee mcghee is a senior at hillsdale college ... she may have just graduated . forgive me if i do n't take her opinion seriously .
if all of the other western democracies have some form of socialized healthcare , why not america ? do you not deserve it ? seems like you have plenty of money , if you did n't waste it on pointless wars .
if you use `` republicanlite centrists '' to attack whoever the democratic nominee ends up being.. you 're also the enemy .
oh god . tfw you bother to wikipedia `` ted cruz '' and suddenly discover he 's the same age as my idiot little brother .
what are you talking about , democrats have been regularly expanding border security for the last couple decades
but after beto 's debate performance and his already low numbers , he 's not going anywhere .
hm , it seems like you are the one who does not understand western liberalism
polls use to show a lack of support for the aca too until people actually thought it not go away . polls reflect the temperature in the room but simply opening a window or turning on a fan can change a rooms temperature . polls are not a reason for inaction .
removed
is bolton congressionally approved ? and carlson is quite loud in his antiinterventionism . i suspect you actually do n't know much about carlson besides what other people have told you to believe about him . have you ever watched a full episode of his show ? or is your only experience with him snippets of his show that other people curate for you to see , complete with their own commentary of it shoehorned in ?
north korea good . iran bad . israel saudi good venezuela bad . india bad , russia good . this is a fucking crazy timeline .
in a way it 's true , it 's just generally not considered to be a 'good ' government when it 's your own people .
quality content would n't qualify for this company . ftfy
removed
removed
you can ’ t name a single country . admit it
i ’ m sure this wasn ’ t taken out of context .
he has a strong track record supporting equal rights . & amp ; # x200b ; problem is , he does n't realize how successful the movements have been and continue to be . & amp ; # x200b ; he 's still campaigning in 1981 . and not just on civil rights , on minimum wage , health care , cost of education ... everything . he 's well intentioned , and his ideas are n't bad . they are just stuck at 1981 .
& gt ; give me examples of them killing people . fred hampton . martin luther king . vietnam war , iraq war , etc .
lol , whataboutism at it 's finest . stick to buttery males , fren .
that 's ridiculous . you do n't try something else just for the sake of it . this has zero chance of accelerating regime change , it only strengthens the regime . this is like saying we 've tried 40+ years of the old way , might as well ally with north korea gift them $ 100 billion and send them nukes and see if that helps get kim out of power . hint : it will make him stronger .
harris will end up being the moderate candidate , which is good because she 's still pretty progressive . i do n't think she 'll win though , my money is on warren but time will tell .
i 'm still trying to figure out which politician i want to portray as shubniggurath . sarah palin used to be my goto , but she 's gone .
him changing his position to do the easy thing means he won ’ t do the hard thing .
call me when the washington times does an in depth story on which president most recently increased spending .
in the context of the north korea government having to kill people literally refers to them killing their own citizens , with famine , death camps , and straight murder . to even claim that a responsible government does this to operate , you are a monster . and tucker is trying to compare nks horrific ways of operating to , let ’ s just say , the president having to decide on military options that made lead to deaths . you can ’ t compare the two . this is literally the right wing slowly trying to normalize this kind of behavior . north korea is an enemy , and will continue to be , and i hate that the alt right has gone from condemning a horrific dictatorship , to fully legitimatizing them . it ’ s just wrong .
i 've been hearing `` the liberals have this in the bag , kids do n't have landlines so the polling is clearly wrong ! '' for 20 years now . the left has been getting smashed in every election since . as it turns out , pollsters understand how sampling works , and account for that . also young people just do n't give a fuck about voting anyway .
did you know sucking dick i not gay
she was not a defense attorney . she was exactly what you just said , and she spent the majority of her time putting black men away for petty crimes . she even joked about smoking marijuana while at the same time going out of her way to criminalize marijuana possession . she has less in common with africanamericans than vanilla ice .
he ’ s an asshole , but he ’ s not wrong title only .
nice qualifier you slipped in there . ‘ proven guilty ’ would require going to court . plenty of evidence showing trump bullied , intimated and threatened the underage girl he raped . you addin him on tape about molesting woman , and all the other sexist bullshit . not looking to good on the side that believe he is totally innocent of these charges .
this is why i dont cook
deleted
please read the article written in 2011 when obama was president i think we both agree the the cost of college is way too high , but i 'm strongly against forgiving any student debt . responsibility is lesson # 1 in becoming an adult and when you borrow money you pay it back . no free college , but make it affordable and have mandatory requirements such as atleast a b average in high school .
some did . biden , not so much . or 2000 . or 1990 . or 1980 ...
there are definitely some greats still rocking it in the us . mike luckovich is one that comes to mind .
it litteraly is
you are not making a lick of sense . nobody is proposing slave doctors . take a deep breath , take a nap and realize experts are looking into it .
inside the fourth reich .
who would bother to read what will 100 % be lies ?
why would you support busing them in to correct racial imbalance , but not gerrymandering the school districts to correct racial imbalance ?
like it or not , you need middle america and the white working class .
well feel free to explain what you like about biden and what makes him the best candidate then . that ’ s the question you conveniently ignored .
haha . that 's not fair to biden . hillisry was worst candidate , ever
smoke and mirrors . i you don ’ t graduate from college or university you can ’ t afford it
nope
`` here 's this other bad thing that you guys are n't talking about . ? ? ? '' are you kidding me , my guy ? i see you already have over a hundred replies , so chances you seeing this are slim but you ca n't use a previous bad thing to 'combat ' the lashing out about what this man just said . why are you not enraged by this man normalizing what the north koreans are doing ?
which i can agree with . the us has plenty of literal skeletons in our metaphorical closet . however , where we are interpreting this as him defending nk is because instead of making the obvious and necessary conclusion that what we have also done was/is horrible , he uses our own pasts to normalize theirs as well . that we and our allies also have committed atrocities is not acceptable . we should be holding ourselves to a higher standard than `` everyone makes mistakes/commits genocide '' . our relationships with authoritarian regimes like saudi arabia repeatedly places us in a morally corrupt position where the united states stands by and watches genocide and barbarism . we should n't be pursuing relationships which normalize regimes like nk without also forcing them to stop their atrocities .
do you mean the bartender or daddy 's girl ?
for the purpose of making things costly enough for a foreign invader to decide to give up and leave , sure , guerilla warfare can be effective , but it also comes at a huge cost for the people engaging in guerilla warfare as well look at the damage done to the sides the us fought against in the last 50+ years . for the purpose of overthrowing a tyrannical government , i 'm not convinced . for one thing , a truly tyrannical government likely wo n't care about collateral damage , and any dictator who fears being killed or jailed as a result of a potentially successful revolution will fight viciously to stay in power see what china did in 1989 in tienanmen square , also , it 's doubtful guns would have helped the protesters in that case , a large reason the military did n't act right away is due to the peaceful nature of the protests , so if they had guns , an even more brutal crackdown would have been likely . also , the situation is entirely different , when fighting off a foreign invader , people have a strong incentive to fight with everything and the invader does n't have a particularly strong incentive to fight at all costs . this situation changes when talking about an attempt at a violent revolution . here the dictator in power has an extremely strong incentive to fight at all costs , and the people not so much . the reason is that while lots of people tend to think that brutal dictators are universally hated , they actually usually try very hard and are usually very successful to make sure that the majority of the country supports them , and many dictators are actually more popular within their own countries than elected officials are in democratic ones . so if you want a revolution against a dictator , your biggest enemy will , in most cases , be the general populace .
removed
removed
deleted
nope
in hindsight i think obama was on a better track . during obama 's term i was screaming and hollering that he needed to stop ignoring north korea 's insanity and deal with them , but i think we 're seeing that there was a little bit of wisdom to it . trump is essentially legitimizing north korea and giving a pass to their human rights abuses and kim 's dictatorship without receiving anything in return . obama 's philosophy was `` we 'll talk to north korea later if they stop acting up now , '' and trump 's philosophy is `` we 'll talk to north korea now if they promise to stop acting up later . '' the flaw is that trump 's philosophy was tried for decades before by other leaders , and nk always took advantage of it to gain world prestige while delivering on nothing it promised . and that seems to be the case once again . so long as kim keeps promising handshakes and `` firsts '' for trump , trump keeps handing kim more and more without actually getting anything in return .
please fire this idiot .
i wan na leave this country too bad i 'm too sick too go anywhere
dang those martians .
removed
removed
“ communism is evil cause people got killed ”
mcscuse me ? !
removed
reliable posting as the work day begins in russia
well , if you 're willing to put dictators and sworn enemy states above journalists whom you , by the way , have provided no proof against , maybe you do n't have a point . by the way , fuck steven crowder . he 's a delusional liar .
im saying he is , because i have a fucking working brain .
removed
that ’ s certainly possible . my respect for carlson only goes as far as his anti war stance .
something that ’ s already supposed to happen shouldn ’ t be making happy that it ’ s happened now .
you 'd think history began yesterday the way they 're carrying on . around half a century of not either going to war or sending a potus to grovel at nk does n't suggest to them these are not the only 2 options . they ca n't be that thick , surely ?
about the same time `` doing it legally '' became such a radical process . the immigration system was already a lumbering labyrinth of bureaucracy before trump took office and since then he 's set policies that have gummed it up even further . he 's intentionally created huge backlogs which make legal immigration untenable . it 's like telling somebody to climb a ladder while you 're actively cutting out rungs . & amp ; # x200b ; moreover , even when they do it legally , trump ca n't even be bothered to adhere to international law when it comes to refugees . so it 's beyond insincere to expect immigrants to follow laws that the government itself wo n't honor .
deleted
cries over empty parking lot
what a stupid shit
i am fine with treating them . they should then be deported .
with bros of frats and slores abounding
`` actual '' being used very loosely here . i do n't think the dprk constitution even has the word communism .
tyrannizing a country means killing people . leading them is altogether different .
that 's why the trump administration opposed allowing doctors into these camps ? because democrats ?
thanks for the correction . how many counties did she win ?
deleted
& gt ; the political party supporting slavery , and later the kkk were the democrats . does this mean it ’ s up to the democrats to decide whether displaying confederate statues or flags is acceptable , considering it ’ s our heritage ?
that would be an interesting counterpoint if 1 it wasnt completely delusional and mostly made up and 2 if the rightwing hasnt had a near monopoly on politically motivated violence in recent times . actual violence from the left wing is almost nonexistent and out of 50 people murdered by extremists in 2018 they were all linked to right wing movements . the most politically related deaths recorded since 1995 .
she put on those rubber overalls , got on her knees in the deep algae pool of american politics and is looking for a plug to pull
just grab your popcorn and enjoy front row seats at the freakshow my friend . america is too stupid to be fixed at this point .
oh come on . that ’ s it ? you ’ re still gon na tiptoe around it ? i ’ m disappointed . not surprised , but very disappointed . it appears he ’ s taken your balls as well .
are you insulting my field ?
well , ivanka has helped create thousands of jobs . aoc helped destroy about 2000 plus . so whose more qualified ?
white people feeling irrationally threatened by successful and influential people of color who speak up about racism and privilege . it ’ s the same childish , toxic way of thinking that gets feminists asked why they hate men .
i wonder if aoc knows that ivanka has exactly the same degree , a cum laude ba in economics from wharton , as aoc claims from her school . sort of makes this comment ironic .
literally huh ?
how desensitized to human suffering do you have to be to just chalk up people dying to “ that ’ s the way it ’ s always been ” . more importantly how is finding a problem with someone suggesting that you need to kill people to be a leader have anything to do with my ego , or really even my morals ? if you think that ’ s totally cool you have a complete lack of morals . you seem like a total scum bag and you defend men like trump and carlson simply because they are as morally fucked as you are .
you literally can buy guns with bitcoin shipped to your door from anywhere to anywhere in the world . there is no 'getting rid of guns ' for anyone besides law abiding citizens .
318 more than last year to be exact i have multiple people i work with that have the same story
that made me chuckle haha .
we ’ re bigoted against white males since this decade ? i mean ... i ’ d welcome you to the party , at long last , but the fact that white men still hold the vast majority of every lever of power in society tells me you must be looking for the pity party next door . & gt ; so it 'll take is one of the ladies crying real tears about how mean someone was once and half the country falls in the ground in empathic agony , swearing to vote to remedy this grave injustice . wow , really ? that ’ s what ’ s going to happen ? half the country will collapse out of empathy because a woman cried ? ? ? sounds crazy ! what ’ s next , will we start believing rape allegations too ? nah , that ’ s too crazy .
harris is fine ... biden can fucking go away . we definitely need bernie be at the top .
removed
about as worn out as your name , huh bruh ?
when did i claim biden was the best candidate ? is that some sort of prerequisite for defending someone from false and misleading attacks ?
have you been to the south or a midwest conservative rally ? ? it 's nothing but hateons for `` them liberals ! '' how are conservatives surprised this is happening after 50 years of conservative racism , bias , and persecution of a large portion of the country 's population ? of course the left is full of hate ; it 's all the right has fed them for half a century , since the vietnam war !
nah , the press is n't dishonest . he 's the dishonest one . all the press does is report what he actually said and did lol .
no , the trump voters are totally right in that instance , just for the wrong reason . but i 'll fucking take that if it keeps us out of war .
deleted
because the department of justice decided that the law that has been in effect for for 53 years does not apply to trump . also , let me introduce to you , mitch mcconnell and his lackeys who will allow trump to do whatever the hell he wants .
& gt ; this video shows the sheer insanity and dishonesty of it & gt ; & gt ; thanks .
isn ’ t that the entire kennedy family though ?
it ’ s funny how you guys only ever mention the jesus arm wrestling meme and ignore the fact that they hacked the dnc and the democratic nominees emails in an effort to swing the election . they also hacked polling places . as far as big tech , republicans have been in power for years and have done next to nothing to protect our data privacy . they even passed a bill allowing internet providers to sell all of our data freely . republicans are only concerned with forcing tech businesses to provide a platform for hate speech and couldn ’ t care less about our privacy .
they are nothing . they 're garbage .
they ’ re in the bubble
removed
if democrats want to beat trump they need to stop voter disenfranchisement and do everything in their power to ensure people have access to vote and are n't mislead about where , when , and how to vote . style points in the media wo n't beat republican corruption .
they experience the advantage that they do n't have to be afraid of the police shooting them for following orders . they experience the advantage that businesses and employers and neighbors do n't subconsciously think less of them because they 're a different color . those are fucking massive advantages , and if you even attempt to reply by saying those are n't true statements , then i 'm sorry , but you 're dense and intentionally ignoring things that are unfortunately present in society .
\ & gt ; the role of government & amp ; # x200b ; i.e . anything i do n't like is n't what the government should be doing .
honestly i 'm not surprised , trump and orthodox jewish people have always been kinda far right .
germany and england are literally ethnostates that our nazis are dreaming of . you do n't `` get '' nazis because you are already nazis .
removed
well , not `` never ever '' , but i 'd trust a random reporter more than i 'd trust a dictator .
yep ! and it ’ s based on the life of a former reality tv game show host .
he was cleared of charges if i can ’ t say that hilary clinton did n't break the law when she deleted thousands of emails that she sent with government information , then you ca n't say that brett kavanagh raped ford .
gatekeeping opposition to nazism ? odd choice , but you do you .
how many cars have they used to plow through cars ? i do n't see antifa committing murder , which is why you said these senators are n't that crazy they have n't murdered anyone yet .
it 's nothing like that . chamberlain talked to hitler to try and avoid world war 2 ... you can argue it was misguided but there were real stakes and a real mission . trump just wants a photo op with one of his favorite dictators . on a slightly unrelated note , people act like chamberlain 's appeasement led to world war 2 . which is ridiculous . it would have just started a little earlier without it and maybe the betrayal that the british felt helped the war effort by giving them a worthy cause to be angry about beyond just adhering to their defense pacts . but obviously the nazis would n't have stopped with or without his appeasement efforts .
all i can say is i was on fox ’ s websites today after being linked to an article .. what a hot piece of trash that is . it ’ s worse than tmz
is it weed or just dogshit though ?
removed
the twilight zone .
i really want you to live in a country that gives free health care to everyone that walks in and see how much you like it if you really don ’ t like me that much . see what happens .
yeah i know . like i said it 's a lot to unpack and i 'm running after my kids . lol
as in literally , having a rock in space named after you has no bearing on whether you ’ re intelligent or not . you can pay money and have a star named after you , it doesn ’ t mean anything . if i name my motorcycle after you does that mean you ’ re wicked fast now ? saying “ she ’ s smart she has an asteroid named after her ” with zero context says zip about her intelligence . if they hadn ’ t named an asteroid after her would that have devalued her work ? no , it ’ s just ceremony , so maybe next time mention what she did for mit to confer that upon her instead of what they awarded her . why is that so hard to understand ?
no one is entitled to anyone else 's income .
the frog water gets even hotter .
& gt ; because he ’ s a reporter still oh for fucks sake
republicans : all lives matter protect the innocent also republicans : healthcare to brown people triggers me
it 's hard to flee your country safely and asylum seekers at the border trying to come in the legal way end up in cages anyway . not a lot of great incentives either way for the migrant honestly .
the last duly elected president this country had was obama . if you 're admitting to the coup that took place in 2016 , you 're way behind . we 've known for years . that 's what we 've been working to fix .
see , the thing is , random word definitions are not necessary.. and if you believe they are , you are welcome to provide your own definitions of you want to challenge my comment as the other commentor did to yours the reason the other persons term definition request is valid is because you tried to imply the two terms were synonymous , which they then responded to with term definitions.. if they are synonymous , you would not need to inject the synonym at all.. just use the word as spoken instead . here is some light reading on why defining terms is an important process for productive conversation.. i already know that you are incapable of any productive conversation.. so i 'll just leave it at this .
portland police found a snipers nest last protest set up by alt right terrorists .
do n't let language trip you up . kim jong un is not deserving of ridicule he 's a scary fucking child who , as you say , executes people in horrific ways for insane reasons . donald j trump , on the other hand , is more worthy of ridicule than any human being i 've had the misfortune to share this planet with . so far .
is it really flaming when it ’ s absolutely true ?
the andrew yang sub is currently the most active 2020 candidate sub on reddit . its more active than bernies largest sub . hard to believe but he has a lot of grassroots support and they ’ re are excited about his campaign .
are you more focused on your point of `` liberals are hypocrites '' which is a blanket statement at best and you and i both know blanket statements are logical fallacies , and not fox news normalizing what the north koreans are doing ? where 's your head at dude , i 'd dying to know
being a bartender does n't make you a competent congresswoman either .
al qaeda won . he knew all he needed was to sow fear and doubt , and america would finish the job for him .
she has a degree in economics and international relations . she worked as an organizer for bernie sanders presidential campaign in 2016 . and i can not stress on this enough , she won an election , against a 10 term incumbent , by 15 points . she was chosen by the voters . how is that not qualified enough
always sunny reference ?
was n't just men .
& gt ; but regardless , for sake of this conversation i am just trying to present career qualifications , so i am not sure why nepotism matters ? to me , career qualifications means what have you done on the past to be prepared for the work you will be tasked with doing . are you being facetious , or do you actually believe this ... ? do you seriously think that ivanka trump got her job in the trump organization because of her qualifications , rather than her name ? i ’ m not an aoc fan by any stretch , but she hasn ’ t had anything handed to her . whether or not you agree with her politics , she earned her way to where she is . i ’ m not saying ivanka is an idiot — i ’ m sure she ’ s just as smart as most — but she has earned nothing . she ’ s been handed everything she has , from her education , to her job , to the money for her fashion line . i don ’ t see how that warrants any admiration .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
at this time in 2008 , clinton led obama by 15 points . in august of 2007 , she had her biggest lead of nearly 30 % points ahead of obama . what i will say is that the establishment candidate is very sticky the only way to overcome the establishment choice is the quality of the insurgent . i will say that we have probably 45 candidates in the field right now who could unseat biden .
nah , donny is keeping her seat warm or more likely she 'll join him at the kids table and sit on his lap and see what pops up
can we spell them all with ks or would that be just a little too much ?
a slap in the face to the american people .
& gt ; none of the information is misleading . you are wrong . let me quote one of my other comments that you 've already replied to : & gt ; there are several stated policy positions that are intentionally misleading , as they leave out informative context . for example , he voted for the defense of marriage act in the 90s , yet he was also a proponent of gay marriage during his tenure as vp . does this make him for or against gay marriage ? the site claims biden is against gay marriage , however his positioned changed in 2012 . can you explain to me how `` joe biden is against gay marriage '' is n't a misleading statement ? & gt ; you must also think every single legit campaign website is misleading too yeah , they are all misleading to a degree , but there 's a difference between bias and disinformation .
deleted
praise science !
trump got a talking point that republicans will parrot on fox news
bundle of cells
castro and buttigieg are too young her running mate needs to be an old white guy from the rust belt the nominee should excite the base while the running mate should appeal to everyone outside of the core gop & amp ; dem bases .
aoc is so fucking brave
removed
i am absolutely taking it seriously . when the government comes to your home to `` buy back '' your guns and you refuse , you are now an armed felon , who is willfully resisting arrest . how the fuck do you think forced buybacks are going to go for black people ?
it is n't just a u.s . problem it is a global fight . and 7 billion of us against them should be an easy victory since it is mostly a war for our thoughts consent . they think they have us sufficiently corralled , with all this technology , to drop the nets . i am not feeling very optimistic since the wars to divide us have been easy and effective once they changed the controls on radio , television , news publications and all media by the end of the 90s to allow monopolization of the ideas . and hide what was being taken by eliminating the tellers from entering the public narrative and dialogue . i do n't know but what i see is n't encouraging , the gerrymandering vote , the very public camaraderie between putin , kim and the saudis but then again it could be brash and bold defense . like when the ag told the nation his bold lie about the mueller report .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
what hostility ? i am just joking with you , mr. joker . have a good one !
removed
ya ’ ll know what to do .
have not changed my mind .
he ’ s trying to normalize the idea so that people don ’ t freak out when trump admin starts killing ^more people .
i mean i guess you have to respect even the biggest pieces of shit for having a consistent opinion on this . on account of that whole genocide america took part in over there .
then i guess we should make it so everyone else doesn ’ t have to go through all that struggle too eh ?
if trump is communicating in any way at all he 's lying .
the job of vice president means nothing , but the title itself is really important . it 's basically setting up the next frontrunner for president after presumably 8 years in office .
removed
well america does this but everyone wants to deny it
the vast farming , aka rural , aka predominantly red areas of the usa make ready use of cheap labor from undocumented migrants . friendly reminder ... all those pictures you see of migrants bent over picking your vegetables.. , they aren ’ t in the suburbs .
& gt ; giving out free health insurance is somehow a good idea it 's morally good : people will be taken care of . it 's economically good : healthy people work and spend . it 's good for science : sick people wo n't roam diagnosed/untreated so there 's more cases to study . it 's good for health : healthy people improve herd immunity . it 's good on every level i can see . i 'm concerned for those who convinced themselves it 's somehow bad .
& gt ; ben rhodes✔ @ brhodes & gt ; & gt ; trump is lying . i was there for all 8 years . obama never sought a meeting with kim jong un . foreign policy isn ’ t reality television it ’ s reality .
deleted
thanks for making mine
soooo based on that logic , is he implying trump is also killing people ? ! us citizens , since he 's leading ? ! cuz nk regime `` allegedly '' kills their own citizens
the least smelly shit is still shit .
the fact that tucker carlson , of all people , was advising the president on whether or not to conduct military strikes in real time is fucking devastating to hear . what the fuck . and calling john bolton out for what he is , is n't destroying him , that 's just describing him .
you can pay my share then ... that sounds good to me .
thank you . i did miss it .
my insurance premiums are ~1.75 % of my income . how much will the tax increase be ? if its anything like the british system it would be closer to 4x that amount , minimum . not so win win to me . even utilizing cobra i 'd still be under that probably .
ah , yes , taxing tvs is definitely going to reduce the wealth gap . just think of how much more stuff rich people spend on nongroceries compared to the poor and the middle class as a percentage of their income and/or total wealth ! wait , they are spending miniscule amounts in comparison because they have more money they could possibly spend on stuff for themselves ? but surely they drink so much more that taxing alcohol will even it out ? oh , even less since they have the same liver as the rest of us ? crap . great plan to tax people who are spending a significant amount of their income but the idea was to address wealth inequality , not to find ways to make it worse .
removed
queue tucker carlson arguing that a leader murdering people is just part of the job
and then make a big circus out of remembering them , and using their legacy for their own political benefits . after all , the dead can not disagree .
deleted
i 'm no ivanka fan , but that video is 19 seconds long . the first 8 are some other lady talking about social issues being made more relevant addressing it from the economic side or something and then ivanka responds with something i ca n't even hear and , 'male dominated ... something at the end .
fair enough , but i hate that i have to work with their false definitions . you do you , though . peace .
hand marked paper ballots
another pretend keyboard warrior . next your gon na say `` 1v1 me bro ''
exactly ! a set of phenotypes determined by your genetic history does n't mean a damn thing what matters is how that determines your daytoday experience as a result of cultural norms . being `` black '' is a social distinction only , and the definition of `` blackness '' changes regionally . individuals with subsaharan african , southeast asian , oceanic , or indian descent have all been determined to be `` black . ''
i listened to what he said and i ca n't disagree with any of it . it 's ridiculous to assert that governments do n't kill people . tucker said that nk is a monstrous regime , a disgusting place , and that there is no defending them . he also said that nk kills far more than other nations . however he pointed out the fact that governments kill people . do you disagree with any of that ? all and all there are only two ways we will ever have peace with nk . one way is an all out war ending with their obliteration . the other is through peace . tucker is for peace with north korea . as am i . we will never be able to deal with a innocent leader of north korea . we have to deal with what we have now . let me add to our conversation that during the korean war the united states almost completely obliterated every single building in nk and killed at least 1.5 million people . are you so upset that trump is president that you want to see that happen again just out of spite ? back when i still supported the democrats we campaigned on peace . the democrats were suppose to give us a peace president . they never did . finally we have a peace president and the left ca n't stand it .
so he ’ s not ? well you sure defend him like he is .

& gt ; nominating him would be the dumbest move democrats could make & amp ; # x200b ; then this is literally what the dnc will do . they have proven themselves to be completely invested in the status quo , even if it means a trump 2nd term .
they will turn on a dime in an instant and support war in iran if trump declares it . if they cared about war with nk they would have also praised obama for keeping us out of war there . literally nothing has changed with the nk situation except that kim 's grip on power is even stronger now that he can play footage of himself shoulder to shoulder with the most powerful leader in the world .
am i fucking crazy ? because i 'm pretty sure that republicans funded that dossier .
& gt ; concentration camps exactly , that 's why we 're consciously calling them that .
i ’ m sure tucker wouldn ’ t mind volunteering for being the first to go , since he ’ s so fucking casual about it .
i would n't have mentioned it if it was n't relevant ; you just assumed it was n't .
agreed . please look up the former governor jerry brown and his financial and family ties to sempra energy , the company that poisoned and still is poisoning the entire town of porter ranch .
i do n't see it . there is a huge shortage in doctors/healthcare workers .
if doing what your constituents want is the easy thing , what exactly is the hard thing , and what is it 's relation to standing up for your constituents , given that by definition it 's not doing what they want ?
& gt ; its clear , at least to me , feels like we may be homing in on the issue here
so , to be clear the misinformation is the claim the article is bs not that insulin is available for $ 25 or less . then why even bother attacking that claim with a snopes reference if you agree it ’ s correct ?
removed
they did n't say they would vote for him . they said the antics of the far left will likely usher him into a second term and i tend to agree .
ha ha ha ... get it girl .
warren is a strong woman . i also like kamala harris . they call it like they see it .
holy shit when is this nightmare going to end
then tell us what he really meant
seems like bullshit to not also blame the dems for not bringing it back under the first half of obama 's term , with nancy and harry .
weld will not win the primary , but he will damage trump badly . trump could very well lose new hampshire and iowa and that would leave trump bloodier and more vulnerable than usual .
i suspect the white working class will love warren or sanders . those two have a knack for reaching members of that group , because they understand the economic pressures they are facing and have common sense solutions .
americans seem to only give a shit about shitting on trump instead of uniting their country and fixing problems , otto was kidnapped under obama 's administration , obama killed otto , trump ca n't do anything about what happened because that would only lead to the northkorean people getting more shit from their government and little rocketman would threaten with nukes , dipshit .
jesse jackson . the biggest piece of shit 2020
& gt ; beto is extremely socially progressive eh , i don ’ t think you can only be socially progressive and not economically progressive as well , since things like race , gender , sexual identity , etc . intersect with class issues .
ergo , leading america means killing tucker carlson . i 'm glad he has brave enough to defend this point so publicly . this is the kind of integrity journalism has lost .
he ’ s pleased . it means he has a chance .
all those years of wearing a bow tie strengthened tucker 's gag reflex .
that 's not how taxes work .
if sanders had been a pr rep for a tawdry instagram celebrity i would find her constant lies disgusting . to do it for a president is totally reprehensible . she sold us the people out daily . people like her make me wish there were truly a hell just so i 'd have the comfort of knowing they 'd rot in it .
republicans sabotaged obama care
removed
trump ? lie ? are you sure we are talking about the same person ? /s
the point is more , what the fuck did joe biden have to do with any change ? he forced obama to admit he was fine with gay marriage , that 's about it .
bernie sanders and more importantly the movement of people who want medicare for all , a green new deal , economic rights , and a future worth living are rendering the old democratic party as obsolete . ignore your pretend base , lose your base , get outmoded .
removed
not going to fall for it . hopefully most people are of the same mindset . i think they are .
well this is a republic , so we do n't vote on every issue . if a war with iran or trump enriching the 1 % was voted on do you think it would work . hell , trump got 3 million less votes and somehow one . should n't one vote her count the same as won vote there ? how should democracy work ?
deleted
trump in january : & gt ; i like acting . it gives me more flexibility . do you understand that ? i like acting . so we have a few that are acting . we have a great , great cabinet . sure he likes “ acting ” . no need for senate confirmation . and every time someone he ’ s nominated and the senate has confirmed leaves or gets fired , it ’ s all over the news . with people in acting positions , as soon as there are disagreements , he just gets rid of the person and slips in their replacement without a lot of fanfare . rinse and repeat . stability and continuity are , apparently , overrated .
removed
reddit : `` diplomacy , not war ! '' also reddit : `` no diplomacy with them ! ''
i think `` achomplishment '' is the orange .
and border detention centers concentration camps .
removed
monday in russia . the workday has begun .
... what ?
on the bright side , trump ’ s installment has restocked the democratic presidential bench in a yuuuge way . remember when it was just hillary clinton and bernie sanders , with some weirdo martin o ’ malley standing in the background like a cardboard cutout of a generic politician ? people were genuinely worried the democrats would have no one to run anymore . now we ’ ve got our own freakin ’ marvel cinematic universe of presidential hopefuls . i wouldn ’ t be the slightest bit surprised if the next democratic presidents would go in order from warren to harris to castro to buttigieg to aoc . we ’ ve got viable candidates for years .
it 's typically the gop who get caught with underage individuals , try there instead
it 's really real
feature , not a flaw
deleted
just no abortions , ..mmmmkay .
hahahha , holy shit ! he 's a god damned train wreck . i think i made a joke about biden doing something like this and here it is in real life . he needs to hire paul ryan for the campaign to make him seem like a good person in comparison .
kamala harris should also answer for her record , what with having built her career by ruining the lives of the innocent and the disadvantaged for years and years .
deleted
projection . you want to know what republicans are up to ? look at what they accuse their opponents of .
deleted
when is he not lying ? can someone show me an example ?
it ’ s a shot at fragmenting the democrat base by comparison to obama as “ not really in africanamerican interest ” . towards the middle of obama ’ s terms , there was a pushback because he wasn ’ t viewed as “ advancing the black agenda ” enough . they know what they ’ re saying is awful.. and they said it anyway . this is just a tactic to throw “ red meat ” to the black minority on the far left and far right so they will fight against harris as “ not a real black person ” . it doesn ’ t really matter if it ’ s a lie , or if the orange family gets yelled at in the media for like two days depends on how quickly the next hysteria starts , i can ’ t keep track anymore , there ’ s “ blood in the water ” against her now and the people who should be working together are calling each other names the next 2 years . once the upset dems are repeating it at each other , then the orange folk can repeat at will too .
incorrect . its dems fault for not doing anything about it . voting to fund these death camps is criminal . shame on the dems . we all look to them to do the right thing and follow the rules .
what the actual fuck ...
never again
removed
yeah , can someone transcribe it ? half of it is other people talking and then ivanka says something i ca n't hear .
& gt ; biden has name recognition and little else & amp ; # x200b ; '' remember me ? i 'm the guy who was with obama when he did the things ... '' & amp ; # x200b ; \literally joe biden 's platform .
when you 're spouting total garbage , like implying that trump had kept nk from blowing up the usa ? yes , yes it kind of matters .
well , yeah . that 's why they 're struggling with repayment . but the vast majority of debt is held by people who aren't struggling with repayment . the largest debt loads are held by people with professional degrees , like doctors , dentists , lawyers , and mbas . over half of borrowers in default have less than $ 10,000 in debt . that 's why blanket debt forgiveness is such a stupid policy . a meanstested policy can help the people who actually need help at a tenth of the cost .
uh , she lives and breathes policy . she 's like lisa simpson trying to make friends , it 's kind of forced .
it was being your child to work day and everyone else forgot . they should all bring one kid or grandkids next time ... i 'd love to see ivanka sitting at a table with a bunch of 8 and 9 year olds 😂
the same portland police who reported that antifa was mixing concrete and other caustic chemicals into the `` milkshakes '' they were throwing at people ?
how is coming from money blue collar ?
deleted
want proof trump lied ? check the video to see if his mouth was open .
that 's about like saying the solution to corruption is to educate people on what corruption looks like . you still need institutions with teeth that can actually fight back against the corruption . similarly , you need more than just `` loans are risky '' to combat student debt problems . you need to address the herd of elephants in the room , which is that if they do n't take out the loans , they may not be able to get the education at all . and if they do n't get the education at all , how are they going to ever make more than the minimum wage ? how are you going to replace needed workers in specialized fields where a college education is vital ? all you would accomplish is that less current students take out big loans . the net effect if successful in convincing students being colleges shutting down due to a lack of students , a less skilled/educated workforce who ca n't fulfill the roles that companies want them to fill , and more people struggling in poverty because despite not having student loan debt , they 're stuck working the most minimum wage job they can find . furthermore , none of this would have an impact for existing student loans and victims of them , who would still be struggling to make ends meet and pay back into the economy as a whole .
nope . fuck that guy and anyone who advocates violence . i hope his dick rots off and he stubs his toe . & amp ; # x200b ; your turn to denounce antifa as the criminal communists they are .
next they 'll play the `` make me in which way '' game
anyone who has worked in any corporation large or small knows this is true . a large portion of executives are blatantly incompetent but is related to someone .
& gt ; the reason the other persons term definition request is valid is because you tried to imply the two terms were synonymous hey , galaxy brain . i 'm not the guy the other dumbass was falling at arguing with . maybe sort out being able to read , and then try again ?
he 's not wrong you know . name a leader who is n't responsible for deaths .
only for the poor children stealing bread from the mouth of decadence . not for the 15 year old white rich drugged up drunk driver that crippled his buddy and killed four people . he gets a new round of house parties until he fucked up again .
removed
when you ’ re convinced you ’ re on the right side , that everyone is wrong , the media is lying about you and your president are completely biased , then there ’ s nothing to accept or be shamed about . why would they be ashamed of telling you the real truth ? they ’ re the good guys here . not the fake media ! not only are they not ashamed . they ’ re proud of being the only source of legitimate news .
that snl comparison is such a huge stretch that you ca n't possibly be acting in good faith right now . do you think people confuse alec baldwin with the actual donald trump ? that 's pretty dumb . there 's a lot of effort in this fake site to make it look like the real thing . this would be the same as snl as doing a cold open with a deep fake of trump saying he 's fine with raping that minor and then have the last 5 seconds be `` jk it 's a joke , not real '' . your comparison sounds like a pretty typical normalization of bad actors . it 's something that 's usually from right wingers but i have no idea what you actually believe in : other than thinking everyone is dumb enough to buy what you 're saying .
wannabestatemediafoxnews . fox news the wannabe channel . fairly wannabe state media . balanced wannabe state media . somebody stop me .
wow
you really think that condemning murderous dictators is going to lead to war ? also , according trump himself , we were minutes away from launching missiles into iran
america still has capital punishement .
i love this girl , she speaks the truth and is n't afraid to ... she does what most of us wish all politicians would do .
who seems to know a suspicious amount about clowns . i ’ m scared .
removed
and , i thought it was take your daughter to work day .
i thought indians were caucasian .
if the alternative is bolton sending tens of thousands of americans to die while killing hundreds of thousands of iranians , i ’ m just gon na go ahead and side with tucker on this one . the fact that tucker carlson appears to be the only one in dc not inclined to go to war with iran is much much more devastating to hear .
no thanks
he would ’ ve brought don lemon or lester holt . yes , because they ’ re black .
let 's not bring down the good name of bimbo 's .
removed
jet fuel can ’ t jfk the moon landing !
smh ... use a little logic and context . ye olde click bait .
my point is why is it relevant to report which president appointed the judge .
now republican voters love nk . lol .
or that girl from the beauty pageant in 2007 . “ and such ” “ u.s americans and such ”
deleted
bolton 's mustache would 've released it 's fear/anger tendrils from his brain , then leapt off his face to try to suffocate kim jong un .
that . is . not . the . point . we all know bolton is a piece of shit . that 's not the point .
no , im staying with im sure it happens , i just dont know the numbers of how many ppl are in custody and i dont know the average number of people required to get one death a day .
`` you have to break a few eggs to make an omelette '' scary .
by that logic , how is donald qualified to be president ?
we all float down here ...
i mean me too because i tend to be overcompassionate some times but she chose money over taking a stand . she easily could have been more like tiffany who didn ’ t take all of his bullshit in stride and still gotten some money from her dad . i doubt tiffany has many worries financially but she could have tried to have a better relationship with dad which for trump means being unflinchingly loyal and she just doesn ’ t seem interested . remember when trump tried to hug/kiss her on stage ? she was like “ nah ” . tiffany probably feels its not worth it to get extra money if it means she has to display fealty to a terrible man .
fucking lmao “ she said chambers instead of branches ! ” it ’ s so disingenuous and filled with horseshit that you think this one slip invalidates her entire opinions on anything is laughable . i assume you don ’ t listen to trump or any of his hapsburg progeny either right ? after all if one slip for a house rep of one portion of the country means this much to you , the president not even being able to understand what “ western liberalism ” means must make you furious at his incompetence right ? or is this just more bad faith bullshit from the shithole party ?
his disgruntled disbelief and anger at the world make feel sane . its like , oh awesome , i 'm not the only one to feel this way .
what makes you say that ? under this no one gets legal entry and citizenship without us knowing who they are one of the big arguments against open borders and why no one supports that policy by opening up the quotas for legal immigration to clear out the back log of those with clean records and identification so we can then focus on those who do n't . then those who do n't pose a credible public safety or criminal threat that are able bodied enough to work can basically work a probationary period paying for thier own probation officers to build up a record to apply for citizenship with , and those who do pose a criminal criminal threat either stay in jail or get deported/extradited/etc . this is anything but open borders but it also is n't a xenophobic crackdown that 'll cost more than it 's worth and do more harm than good like the hardliners seem to want .
the police claimed that she started the fight and the grand jury indicted her but the prosecutor is not sure whether to proceed against her . some common sense prevails , it seems , but georgia 's policies are alarming , would n't you say ? ; & gt ; she said alabama currently leads the nation in charging women for crimes related to their pregnancies . . regarding this ; & gt ; you seem to have some mediadriven delusion about the us . no , not at all . you currently have a 16 times greater likelihood of being shot to death in georgia than here in australia . in the link , click \ at the top\ to 2017 figures . that 's not a delusion , that 's a disaster .
i 'd guess he means `` every country kills people '' . that 's ... sort of true . every country with the death penalty kills people . even those without ... there 's probably more a couple nstances every year in most big countries where the police have to kill somebody to protecet the public . if not , they are prepared to do so , if necessary . that is the state killing people . every country that has an army is prepared to kill people to defend its territory . the problem is , this is not the same as dictator seizing political dissidents in the middle of the night and sending them to death camps and so on . protecting the public with deadly force , if necessary , in a crazedsniper situation or whatever , by a civilian police force tasked with this job by a democratically elected civil government subject to a review process , and with a free press to report on the matter , is different . protecting the national territory , if invaded by the forces of another country , is different . can you see the difference ? tucker carlson ca n't . more importantly , the president of the united states ca n't . i would consider that a problem .
does it matter ?
as a canadian , could i add my vote for mr. sanders by proxie for the registered voters that do n't vote ? i 'd like my neighbour u.s.a to be a better place .
disappointed but not surprised
removed
i appreciate their protest .
whatever happened to all the right wing fans of `` telling it like it is '' ?
& gt ; & gt ; & gt ; obama deported more people on a daytoday basis than trump could ever dream of , because he kept the system moving . trump has deliberately stalled it all , so that it just keeps getting worse , for no reason other than to see people suffer . i do n't think that 's by accident , either . while trump 's voter base is all gungho for kicking out everyone who speaks spanish , trump 's interestbase , himself included , do n't want to get rid of all the 'illegal ' immigrants . all those farmers trump loves to talk about ? they literally depend on undocumented people to do hard labor in unsafe/illegal conditions for pennies . trump 's hotels almost exclusively employ undocumented workers as well , remember that one that got busted as something like 12/14 staff were n't working legally ? why would they do this if they depend on them ? an undocumented population that feels safe is much comfortable to try to organize their workplace and demand better conditions and demand at least minimum wage . keeping them scared and worried about deportation like that helps to ensure they can still keep paying them criminal wages and working in illegally unsafe conditions .
this isn ’ t the sub for any fact based opinions
what policy does she have ? she has a history that i can ’ t condone and no policy . as of now she is only good at calling joe biden a racist .
you can , however , get as close as possible and the only way to figure out what is possible is to try to get to zero .
ah , the usual `` cult of personality '' narrative . are we not allowed to have genuine positive feelings towards a politician ? no matter what you think about his personality , platform and history , he has energized a considerable share of a people who would otherwise be politically dormant and that is to be commended .
how about a warren , harris ticket ?
deleted
the information is kinda buried in the article , but it does say that the pregnant woman was driving in the car when she saw the other woman that she worked with for months walking down the street . the pregnant woman stopped the car , jumped out , and started the altercation . in fear for her safety , the other woman pulled out her gun and fired a warning shot which ricocheted into the pregnant woman 's stomach . despite all the character witnesses i found from the paster , her cousin , and her mom , the fact is that this was the pregnant woman 's fault . i understand why she 's being charged
why make them come all the way here ? just give to them wherever they are .
do you believe your own bullshit , or do you conciously see it as a game , or does your brain fully not even comprehend the concepts i just referred to ? i.e . do you honestly believe that the sentence he said had nothing to do with the sentences preceeding them , or do you not understand any concept of `` truth '' , other than what feels like `` winning '' ? i.e . just in case you want to understand things better what does saying it is normal to kill , have to do with kim 's killing , other than defending it as being normal ?
deleted
and ? you either help everyone or no one ? because college is an integral part to economic developement . you want to make people go to college . if going to college is probably going to financially cripple you that 's not good , right ? and then , you want to reward people for acquiring skills and trying to escape from poverty , not from staying put . it 's not a punishment toward everyone who did n't go to college .
makes you wonder if they are trying to change definitions in their bases mind . people know that `` dictator '' is a bad word , but if you keep showing false examples then when it actually appears their base will support saying no it 's not a dictatorship , what obama was doing is dictatorship ! similar to machine learning through mislabeled training sets .
bartending is infinitely more respectable and honest work than taking any job in the trump administration .
i 've heard one theory say that , if his true goal is to show maximum distrust and chaos , the real boss move for putin would be to obviously tamper with the next election ... to help the democrats . i do n't think i buy it djt is the proverbial gift that keeps on giving but it would certainly make for interesting times .
removed
if they run someone that beats trump , but does n't help get the senate , it 's still a huge problem in the courts . whoever wins has to be ready to go to bush/cheney levels of executive orders .
& gt ; after college , ocasiocortez moved back to the bronx and took a job working 18hour shifts as a bartender and waitress to help her mother—a house cleaner and schoolbus driver—fight foreclosure of their home . 31 13 she later launched brook avenue press , a publishing firm for books that portray the bronx in a positive light , 32 and worked as lead educational strategist at gageis , inc. 33 ocasiocortez also worked for the nonprofit national hispanic institute , serving as the educational director of the 2017 northeast collegiate world series , a fivedaylong program targeted at collegebound high school students from across the united states and other countries , where she also participated in the panel on the future of latino leadership . 12 34 35 in the 2016 primary , ocasiocortez worked as an organizer for bernie sanders 's 2016 presidential campaign . 36 after the general election , she traveled across america by car , visiting places such as flint , michigan , and standing rock indian reservation in north dakota , and speaking to people affected by the flint water crisis and the dakota access pipeline . 37 in an interview she recalled her december 2016 visit to standing rock as a tipping point , saying that before that , she had believed that the only way to run for office effectively was to have access to wealth , social influence , and power . but her visit to north dakota , where she saw others `` putting their whole lives and everything that they had on the line for the protection of their community '' , inspired her to begin to work for her own community . 38 one day after she visited north dakota , she got a phone call from brand new congress , which was recruiting progressive candidates her brother had nominated her soon after election day 2016 but sure , let ’ s pretend she is only a bartender and discount everything else she ’ s done before congress and dismiss her as just a bartender . wild guess here but every bit of info you ’ ve ever gotten about her has come from articles and segments explicitly attacking her , am i right or am i right ?
are the people being gerrymandered to dilute their political power ? if splitting up districts to desegregate schools is n't some subtle way to screw a political party over and you 're doing it for altruistic reasons , go for it .
did you know that killing citizen is something all govt does ? govt is violence legitimized .
deleted
oh yeah , guerillas totally take out tanks and planes with guns all the time in guerilla warfare /s
i don ’ t think the paper should have terminated the contract . but i don ’ t think calling this a “ trump cartoon ” captures the reason he was let go . it ’ s not about trump . it ’ s about using the likenesses of two real people , who died very recently . it ’ s a fair political point , but it ’ s certainly a reasonable argument that inking them into a cartoon this soon comes very close to the line . they decided to not publish it , and he posted it anyway . he had the right to do that , but they had a reasonless expectation that editing it out would prevent it from being released .
ask him if the right to bear arms is any different .
tbh there is a huge debate over how much endorsements matter at all in this day and age of politics . it may not matter at all . what matters is that the debate stage floor was squeeky clean after harris was done with biden .
i agree . when robots take all the jobs and you do n't get income ; od and die or just suicide . the system is made for elites only . you are only here to subsidize their status until they do n't need you anymore . your happiness derives from gdp growth and how the economy is doing or in simpler terms , it depends on $ only .
so sad we have come to this .
seems like a failure to assimilate to me .
'changing democratic party ' ? the 2 top polling primary candidates have nearly 80yrs of elected public office experiencing between them . this narrative of how the party is radicalizing and moving unrecognizably left is pure propaganda meant to delegitimize the party .
trump is felon who committed felonies to obtain office , and who has committed serious crimes since attaining office . just because abasement pissant imagines otherwise does n't make him otherwise
so now you 're blaming the potential future democratic president for the fuckery the current administration is pulling ?
its scary . we should be mass protesting daily .
obama much ?
removed
no kidding . imagine believing that garbage .
perhaps you could cite a cbp or ice memo to support your belief ?
no u can go get fucked in a dumpster . you are a bad person .
removed
actually , as one of your other equally clumsy criers commented , identity politics can and does exist on both the left and the right . it can be out of control on the right too , for example the evangelical christians , but your kind of response is the exact type of knee jerk response from those on the left aligned with the lgbtq identity , who do n't even bother to read the article and assess the appropriate level of indignation that should be broadcast for the world to see . its either `` perfectly fine '' , or he 's a homophobe ! & amp ; # x200b ; \ & gt ; not talking shit about the audience being addressed & amp ; # x200b ; there you go , he was n't talking shit , he was merely commenting on the progress of lgbtq rights , and is n't progress one of your self described compliments ?
is russia highgarden ?
democrats wrote and are the main sponsors of the bill .
fun fact : mitch mcconnell was not born like a normal human being . he emerged fully formed from a clog in storm thurmond ’ s toilet .
nah , not when we have 19 other candidates .
racists whose only superpower is projection ?
yeah fuck right off man .
& gt ; so he ’ s not ? nothing in my response implies that . & gt ; well you sure defend him like he is . how so ? i thought i was defending him the same way i defend any other candidate . since when did that require i even like someone , let alone support them ?
luckily , no one gives a rats ass what you think .
remember when the deep state killing people was a big concern of republicans ? pepperidge farm remembers .
a dig at kamala being a prosecutor .
maybe we can talk when lenders take responsibility for preying on teenagers .
i know without even reading that ’ s not the full context of the quote because carlson ’ s not an idiot . this sub however ...
you ’ re a moron
it was politically easy to oppose bussing . it is politically easy to oppose m4a . the difference is there are no corporate interests fighting against bussing . he ’ s the kind of politician because you know , you said he ’ s guilty of that who would back slavery because it is politically expedient . he literally said “ well delaware was a slave state ” when asked why southerners should like him .
remember that the democrats were originally the super racist party before southern strategy happened and the 'party of lincoln ' became the racist panders . the segregationists biden was compromising with , they were democrats , not republicans . it was a different party back then when biden got involved in politics . yo why am i being downvoted ? this is all literally true . there 's still a few remnants of the dem partys dark past , and its shitty to ignore them , they should be acknlowdgd and abolished . fuck i mean trump was originally a dem because his dad was , who was a kkk
deleted
yes ! thank you for finding that
or that he would be playing near traps , he cheats at golf , like at anything else he does .
that doesn ’ t make this any less interesting .
the district attorney is a black woman . kinda difficult to blame the charge on race . she literally stopped her car while driving just to jump out and pick a fight with the woman who had a gun
it 's misleading . claiming the article is false by citing something else that is not related to the topic at hand , implying that it is fake news therefore making readers not believe the credibility of the article . it 's all done in bad faith , like the `` clarifications '' that you are asking for . you are being nitpicky and pedantic for the sake of trying to make an argument .
context is just as bad to be honest .
didn ’ t you hear ? this sub is totally censoring them ! ! : ’
removed
do you see anything wrong in that compilation ? do you think it ’ s fair to demonise the actions of one person , but then praise and support those exact same actions for another ? what would you think if it was cnn doing the opposite for each president ?
if booker was white yeah . america is n't going to vote for an all black ticket though . that 's the unfortunate reality of the situation .
nice picture ? not really . a pompous ass who runs mass prison camps shaking hands with a pompous ass who runs mass prison camps .
you are correct , nobody is proposing slave doctors , and i am perfectly calm . ok , let me come at this from another angle . healthcare is really expensive in the us . unless we change that , the money will have to come from some where . my point is , we have so many barriers in front of us that need to be broken down before we can tackle suck idealistic notions as `` healthcare for all '' . also i love hearing from someone that does n't agree with me , so no need to be belligerent . let 's just talk .
very disturbing sequence of events . just pull someone of the street and have them mingle with the leaders of the world . what an embarrassment . ! we are the laughing 😂 stock .
imagine if obama had nightly phone calls with chris hayes , he only gave interviews to msnbc hosts , he took rachel maddow with him to north korea ... imagine the right wing backlash .
lol . like how he could n't get funding for wall , how he exploded the deficit , how he escalated tensions with iran , how he increased obama 's drone program , how he does n't give a fuck about election security ? i 'm not seeing any in his favor .
removed
okay if you ’ re so passionate about the korean issue , go and join the army yourself and volunteer fight over there , go ahead , no one is stopping you ! why don ’ t you go ahead and follow through with your words and start a war instead of solving this problem peacefully ! leftist gave trump shit when he was elected because you guys thought he would start wwiii and now you guys are giving him shit for trying out diplomacy ? give me a break , seriously
easy rural areas are left alone . this is my position at least . i find it sad that we allow a dynamic where city folk want one thing and city folk want another and have to compromise . i do n't understand why we find it necessary to put our rule over others imo . but then again i am a city person that does n't like cities .
google fox news entertainment . you disagreed that they are labeled entertainment so they don ’ t have to comply with rules for real journalists .
diplomacy happens when leaders do their homework . general bonespurs is too dumb and lazy to do homework .
only a wife , right hillary .
`` i do n't stand by anything '' donald trump . there , that 's the one truth .
deleted
& gt ; i think you need to piss him off to the point that he really loses it to make him actually lose a debate . we saw that with the `` puppet/not a puppet '' exchange . the dem nominee needs to make that happen
yeah it could be me giving too much benefit of the doubt but i ’ ll need a good reason to go against what i think is obvious
would you consider the us a modern world democracy ? here 's a short list : native american genocide african american slavery japanese american ~~concentration~~ internment camps 30,000 dead afghan civilians 100,000 dead iraqi civilians at us hands guantanamo bay and abu gharib state sanctioned torture i suggest you do a bit more research before declaring the us morally rich ; our history including modern history is littered with atrocities
dude , we have more pressing issues to fix than to bail out those who should have know better . problems of people who don ’ t have the advantage of higher education . i had kids and dropped out of the meche program at tamu . i worked a job i hated furniture sales for 9 years , but it paid more than just the bills . i didn ’ t have anyone to bail me out because i came from poverty . i made bad decisions and had to struggle to achieve my goals . after 11 years of struggling , i finally have a career and it ’ s been 2 years of good times . now people who also made bad decisions want me to take on extra burden for their redo card . it ’ s called the “ pursuit of happiness ” not the guarantee .
oh absolutely not nearly as bad — but that ’ s like saying 1 horrible murder isn ’ t as bad as 5 . bush was absolutely the worst president we ’ ve ever had , barring the present one . and his actions are what paved the way for the shitshow we have today . or rather , the actions of all republicans are responsible . bush was horrid , but so was every member of his cabinet .
and i think that everyone else ’ s point is that , while republicans and democrats both enjoy spending taxpayer monies , at least the democrats understand that doing so requires raising taxes for revenue .
your own people ?
he ’ ll have fox do trump only rallies during the scheduled debate time and blame the democrats
holy fuck . conservatism at its heart .
removed
texas can be pretty awful .
i think you 'll find having a degree in international relations & amp ; economics is .
i saw your original post : / but good day sir make sure u vote democrat no matter who !
ah ; i come from a working class household . we always had one car that worked and one car that was in the process of dying . my grandmother , who by the standard barely scraped the bottom of the middle class and had the advantage of her brother owning her house and charging her minimal rent , gave me her truck with i was 18 . 12 years later it is in the process of dying finally . most of my friends never got that luxury and they are , by most standards , in the poverty bracket .
because aoc is highly qualified
you show how worthless he is and hope that people watching see
he didn ’ t have a witty comeback so he obviously isn ’ t presidential material . let ’ s go with the shitty old guy of the former shitty cop/prosecutor with no policy .
kills their own citizens ?
but which one is which ? ? ?
i ’ ll correct what you just said . economically it ’ s not good : because we ’ ll need to spend more money on border patrols and border security and health insurance because we ’ ve basically just said to the world “ hey come here we ’ ll treat you right ” when we ’ ve got people attempting to go through a legal process and it ’ s fucking up their chances of coming here . it ’ s good morally : yes . no . shit . but resources are finite and congress doesn ’ t wan na fund the detention centers aoc is complaining about so where do they go ? so not so morally good huh . when we have a government that doesn ’ t wan na fund these centers they get treated badly . now take that and add steroids to the situation if you give everyone an open invitation into the country . maybe you should think for a second what that could actually mean .
what , ben shapiro is going on tour ? oh , never mind .
touche .
i do n't know what you mean by refused to sign , gerry absolutely signed the declaration of independence . you are correct it gerrymandering was named after gerry to mock him . it is not representative democracy when only 25 % of voters show up to the polls , which is standard turnout for local elections . it is not the judiciary 's job to act simply because the legislature and/or electorate does n't .
what does this do to secure the country ?
not making things worse was a better option than this . it might have been the best option and now it 's gone , on a whim , to gratify trump 's vanity . trump has made it worse . do you understand the status quo had america in a stronger position and nk in a weaker position and that was better for america ? and that 's before a white house official , a member of potus 's entourage was roughed up by nk thugs . do you have a grasp of the implications of that ? you 're not a strong country if tin pot nk can do that to you with impunity , so the options are punish nk damaging relations with them so that they 're worse than before trump went or a huge loss of status for the us , looking astoundingly weak in front of the rest of the world . a country that allows this with no retaliation is n't a great super power or leader to be up to or an enemy to be feared it 's weak and ineffectual . do you seriously comprehend how bad this is for america ? and for what ? to gratify trump 's vanity .
i ’ m not going down this chain . i ’ ve yet to see anyone be so callous as to stan for a guy who was neutral at best on segregation and write it off as “ politically expedient ” and think it was a good thing . is it because you share the same age demo and it ’ s hard to see the world pass you by ?
removed
you ’ re right , all you need to run a business is money . why haven ’ t more people thought of that ? and considering a democrat said that a glass of water with a d next to it could win that district , then i would say yes , running a brand is harder .
that family has some nerve . i would be hiding in shame .
rip yelp page
people are stupid . got it .
bravo
this is literal goebbels shit right here .
copied the transcript from a comment below . this is ivanka speaking with world leaders , in the video shared by france . & gt ; macron : ... as soon as possible yes , but think about social justice , and if you could & gt ; & gt ; ivanka interrupts : it 's all , yeah . & gt ; & gt ; may : as soon as you talk from that economic aspect of it , though & gt ; & gt ; ivanka : yeah & gt ; & gt ; may : a lot of people start listening & gt ; & gt ; ivanka : they start listening & gt ; & gt ; may : who would n't otherwise listen & gt ; & gt ; ivanka : and the same with the defense side of it , um , in terms of the whole , business of france being male dominated , so ... is this the person you want representing you on the world stage ? interrupting others , repeating words back to them verbatim , stumbling embarrassingly on a simple sentence , and incapable of forming a coherent thought ?
i feel like this was a reference to that .
not really prerequisite , it 's just that they do n't have anything else to put on their resume .
removed
deleted
what a stupid twat tucker is .
is he still with us ? ca n't he just quietly go away and take al sharpton with him ?
like this i do n't speak for all young people , but myself and many of my peers do n't care if an r a d or an i is next to a candidates name , we care about what policy positions they have . similarly , we do n't think pandering to identity politics of `` vote for me , i 'm black / gay / a woman / etc matters more than a history of a being on the correct side of practically every issue over a period of decades .
it 's wild how far the pendulum swung
see my bro took them and he ran all over the city with an imaginary monkey and tried to climb a tree and ripped his shirt and grazed this skin . i 'm very hard to control , and very physical . i might try swim to australia or scale a sky scrapper or leap from building to building and i do n't think any of my friends would be able to stop me . that is my fear ...
great . who 's your first choice if you do n't like kamala ?
false equivalency : biden is accused of doing things that some consider creepy . trump and kavanaugh are accused of behavior that is considered criminal .
what ’ s the context ?
& gt ; i don ’ t even know where to start with this . neither did he , tbh
last time around ... & gt ; bernie needs to drop out his ideas are too radical . this time around ... & gt ; bernie needs to drop out , everyone has adopted his policies . i realize this is a rightwing outlet , but i 've seen the exact same argument blazing across the headlines of politico and others in the mainstream press too . the guy ca n't get credit for anything .
if that 's the worst i have to worry about with a political leader , i 'm fine with that .
deleted
we were running out of soviets to fight them with . interesting thought that , not only did the soviets expend the most manpower in fighting the nazis , the nazis came back in less than 30 years of the soviet union collapsing . we need more soviets to keep out the nazis .
warren is barely left of john kerry.. you know , the establishment pick 15 years ago
removed
enough to put our democracy at stake for many more years to come :
what information was released that swung the election ? everyone already knew hillary was a crook . what changed the election is jim comey reopening the case against her a week before voting . i didn ’ t say anything about privacy , that was gone the minute we willingly got involved on social media and online retail . privacy is gone , i ’ ve accepted that google has everything we ’ ve ever posted in some database . what i can ’ t accept is their political meddling to promote the democrat party . i hope someday they get their wish and the democrats tax these assholes 95 % . spare me the hate speech nonsense . anything you don ’ t like is labeled hate speech . it is a pretext to censorship .
i was going to say the short fat one with small hands was kim , but that description would n't have helped .
he ’ s not an idiot but his followers are
uh no . we wouldn ’ t want her anywhere near the white house either because we don ’ t want neopotism in the white house . see how different that is ?
neither is mooching off of public office .
removed
removed
why would fake news be in a damn dictionary , it 's two separate words
read the article
check out twitter , all the responses are like this . aoc actually responded with a screengrab of her election results .
i mean you can keep pretending , but we both know the truth mate . its easier to pretend to be the victim than face reality and admit how wrong you are .
removed
i do n't see how asking the super wealthy to give us 2 cents on the dollar above 50 million in wealth does n't make financial sense .
masks off .
a she became a congresswoman . i ca n't believe it ! ! ! bartending is qualifications to become that ? what a time to be alive ! !
trade wars to increase the price or consumer goods and to destroy markets needed for us exports ?
this could easily be the opening dialogue of a bad porn film .
good point .
context . this is why liberals will lose 2020 ... cherry picking what to take literal and bend it
she stopped her car while driving to jump out and pick a fight . the other person fired a warning shot out of fear for her safety and the bullet ended up ricocheting into the pregnant woman who could have just kept driving and been on her merry way
removed
when is the last time a racist aggressor stopped to ask a person of color `` are you of subsaharan african descent ? no ? ok , sorry about treating you as subhuman . '' senator harris has never claimed to be of african descent . she has determined herself to be `` black '' which is accurate , considering `` blackness '' is a cultural distinction that refers to people with dark skin with subsaharan african , southeast asian , oceanic , or indian descent . she could have been born with a skin condition that made her skin dark for all i care . what matters is her lived experience and she grew up experiencing the same prejudice as other people of color .
cucker tarlson
i do n't think this particular story you mentioned is exactly as you think . the child was separated very young but was `` only '' separated for 5 ? months before getting back to his parents .
removed
removed
kind of like aoc having her boyfriend work on her campaign ?
removed
how is it lying that i said obama got it because he was the first black president ? what did obama do for peace ?
she jumped out of a car to pick a fight . if she stayed in her car she would not be in this position . she did recklessly cause a death by instigating the fight . i know this is unpopular to point out but one of the definitions of manslaughter under alabama law is recklessly causing the death of another person . i guess whether or not you view a 5 month old fetus as a person with rights comes into play here . ultimately she ’ s in alabama and we know how the courts feel about the rights of fetuses so it is completely lawful and though i think losing her pregnancy is punishment enough this shouldn ’ t surprise or horrify anyone for alabama . seems pretty tame by their standards .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly i doubt the world leaders even consider her or donald a valid representation of the us ... they are so unqualified that it would look bad on them to consider the trumps as adversaries .
might try registering that as a republican
so for the 10th time , who are you supporting bro ? ?
your uncle is right . i like universal healthcare as much as the next guy but its irritating to hear it called a human right . it 's just not true for exactly the reason your uncle said . it really dings bernie 's credibility when he repeats it .
bad guy who wants to do bad things in the world
shhh , do n't tell the centrists she 's a hardcore progressive . i 'm only half joking . i adore warren and am still sore that i did n't get a chance to vote for her for president in 2016 .
he ’ s a shapeshifting reptilian , we shouldn ’ t care . pancakes !
the whole field is arguably to the right of jimmy carter .
“ if americans let them in they will just vote democratic ” , says tucker carlson
deleted
the idea is that it 's illegal to deprive someone of these rights . no one provides them no one protects then either they just are .
that article does n't support your contention that `` centrism is why we lost those seats . '' furthermore , from the article you posted for this thread : & gt ; on issue after issue , the vast majority of the candidates embraced views that have been seen as progressive priorities for years—whether that may have been a pledge to provide healthcare for all or vows to repeal tax cuts benefiting the rich , whether it was prioritizing combating our climate crisis or seeking to combat economic , gender , and racial inequality in america . the progressive priorities listed are : pledge to provide healthcare for all bill clinton fought for healthcare for all but could n't get it passed because there were n't 60 democrats in the senate obama got aca which expanded healthcare access to millions . pelosi managed to get it through the house with a public option which gets us closer to uhc . the public option died there though , because there were n't 60 democrats in the senate . repeal tax cuts benefiting the rich bill clinton achieved passage of tax legislation that raised taxes on the rich and the corporations combating our climate crisis bill clinton entered the us into the kyoto protocol to fight climate change obama entered the us into the paris accord to fight climate change combat economic , gender , and racial inequality in america bill clinton tried to combat economic inequality unemployment was at record lows , he expanded the earned income tax credit , achieved raising taxes on the wealthy , lowered taxes for the poor , among other things . the minimum wage was raised . economic inequality is difficult to solve and is not something even voters care about when the economy is good . he fought for civil rights , protected women 's rights , and advanced the cause of gay rights more than any other president before or since . bill clinton was inaugurated in jan '93 and in the elections of '94 republicans won both houses of congress . bill clinton faced opposition that no other democratic president had faced in about 40 years really nearly 60 . democrats at least controlled the senate until obama 's last 2 years ; so , they could stop right wing legislation . but when clinton was in office : the congress passed legislation to allow drilling in the arctic national wildlife reserve . bill clinton vetoed . the congress passed energy and water appropriations legislation that cut funding for solar , undermined permitting processes to protect wetlands , cut funding for transitioning nuclear weapons testing to computer simulations from real underground tests , cut funding to advance the field of computer science and internet initiatives , cut funding for doe environmental cleanup projects including protecting drinking water at the snake river aquifer in idaho and more . bill clinton vetoed . the congress passed nuclear waste storage legislation that would have undermined the epa 's ability to set radiation standards . bill clinton vetoed . house republicans made multiple attempts to cut funding for medicare and bill clinton shut the government down more than once because of it . one of those times spanned weeks and was the record for longest until trump 's failed wall stunt last year . and he saved the funding . republicans passed legislation to cut the `` death tax '' and the `` marriage tax '' . bill clinton vetoed both . the congress passed legislation restricting abortions twice . bill clinton vetoed twice . the congress passed legislation attempting to undermine unions by allowed companies to set up managerworker `` teams '' for conflict resolution . bill clinton vetoed . bill clinton was the lone guy standing between the gop and restrictions of gay rights , women 's right to choose , regression of environmental protections and rollback of progressive taxation . for years . those are progressive values and democratic values . once again , to get big changes requires a democrat in the white house , democrats in control of the house and 60 or more democrats in the senate ; or , enough democrats in congress to override a presidential veto . in the face of a screwed up electoral landscape , gerrymandering , voter suppression , and lopsided congressional apportionment the only way to achieve that is by electing democrats . the only way to do that is unity . anything that has the left attacking the democratic party as a whole , undermines that . bothsiderism is a lie , and undermines that . in truth , it 's probably moot anyway . the changes in scotus balance along with all the gop approved federal judges is very likely to overturn any progressive legislation passed even if we get the numbers in congress . one more scotus seat and it will be moot . the time for unity was 2016 . we did n't get it . the consequences will last for a generation or more .
removed
does make you wonder ?
& gt ; sending grandma to a labor camp to die for not having framed photographs of ilsung and jongil hung prominently in her home is not the same . so you and tucker are in agreement .
& gt ; con·cen·tra·tion camp & gt ; /ˌkänsənˈtrāshən ˈˌkamp/ & gt ; & gt ; a place where large numbers of people , especially political prisoners or members of persecuted minorities , are deliberately imprisoned in a relatively small area with inadequate facilities , sometimes to provide forced labor or to await mass execution . the term is most strongly associated with the several hundred camps established by the nazis in germany and occupied europe in 1933–45 , among the most infamous being dachau , belsen , and auschwitz . whelp , definition fits . oh yay . trump is n't forcing the kids to labor or outright executing them yet . what a moral victory . it 's still absolutely atrocious and inhumane living conditions . it also ignores the fact that even in wwii , there were 938 concentration camps that did not kill prisoners , and 5 `` killing centers '' that you are referring to as concentration camps and his original zero tolerance policy put these kids in these conditions just as a `` deterrent '' ... including some kids from immigrants who followed the law and applied for asylum at official border crossings . and the deterrent did n't work while needlessly traumatizing thousands of kids . that is how you create future enemies . suggestion is simple . do n't let trump and ice award nobid and completely hidden to the public contracts to private prison companies that can make hundreds of dollars per day per detainee while depriving them of basic humane goods that cost pennies per day like actual blankets instead of aluminum , pillows , soap , toothpaste , and food that is not rotten . taxpayers are paying $ 800 million per year for private prison companies to line their pockets while subjecting immigrants even adult ones as below article focuses on to tortuous conditions like completely rotten food just because it 's more profitable to those companies . there is no oversight . and journalists ca n't get access .
not sure if you took what your company pays . but , ok , i ’ ll just go with the 1.75 % . sounds good to me . at the end of the day you either believe that every american should be covered or you don ’ t . if you do believe that every american should be covered then you ’ d want to figure out a way to pay for it . if you don ’ t then , we ’ ll , you don ’ t .
i find your question interesting , not because it is asked in good faith or anything because it is n't , but because of the way in which you phrased it . are you saying that you think that r/politics is a unified entity with wants and not a whole bunch of people with different opinions and ideas but where some align and some do n't ?
i mean . seeing her crying , bent over next to fences . thats fucking epic brave .
you got evidence for the former ?
dude . he ’ s talking about killing his own citizens .
he means exactly what he said . and he means it to be us state policy too . the purges are coming , folks . this is your 5 minute warning right here .
removed
okay , cool , what 's your point ?
so they can learn u.s. traffic laws , learn how to drive , and get car insurance .
she shot someone on accident , for fear of her safety after a crazy coworker stopped her vehicle and got out to start a fight . the pregnant woman also had friends in the vehicle so the other woman was probably scared she would be jumped
deleted
removed
i am 100 % voting for her as well . she 's one of the only candidates who 's taken the progressive pledge . if you watch her townhall videos , it 's very easy to see that she 's got some radical ideas . it 's great .
all the damn republican party need to be hold accountable this has been gone bunkers out of just unimportant insignificant political differences , trump is full betraying and the gop is hanging from sucking his balls .
and like the intelligent politician she is understands that the least worst option was to just endorse whomever won the ma primary . i 'm sure many other democrats will do similar things such as aoc to your other point personally i am of the opinion that warren would not have somehow put sanders over hillary . thats a very simple solution that does n't touch on his lack of votes . i also think that people who are reluctant to support a candidate because they did n't endorse somebody else in some other race is incredibly petty
that guy is not a sanders supporter , just for the record . he ’ s probably just miffed that his favorite subreddit is now quarantined .
there has to be something somewhere in the rules that would unwhitelist them . not one actual news story has ever been posted by them that i 've seen .
tax cuts do n't cost money . they 're not an expense . they 're a cut in revenue . this kind of dishonest use of language is deliberately done to push a political agenda .
what a absolute joke of a us symbol .
this is how fascism gets normalized
& gt ; ah , so this is how the normalization of murder begins yeah , but to be honest , america and most western nations have always normalized murder . it 's called war , colonization , whiteman 's burden , etc . we just call these types of murder by other names to dampen the impact of the acts and so we do n't get mentally bogged down by it all . all nations are built on killing , suppressing , or dominating other nations or groups to some degree .
leave it to democrats to chose the one guy that will make it so everyone stays home on election day .
i follow up the news from egypt , and the regime and the media there , now in america it feels very similar
i do n't remember that , so i ca n't say ... but that sounds like something that would happen .
another question , why is it so difficult to follow rule 4 of the submission guidelines ?
google how much cash apple says they have on hand . this is how much they say they have publicly . do n't scream at me because you know they are lying . maybe direct your rage at apple instead ?
these people are turning words into action . civil disobedience requires understanding the potential consequences of your actions . fucking awesome .
tehdonald is leaking .
there ’ s a huge difference between permanently abducting children from a community and temporarily separating children from their parents while being processed after illegally entering a country . i ’ m not saying it isn ’ t a terrible policy that thankfully has been ended , but to say it ’ s genocide dilutes the meaning of the word .
because they have no official working business in that facility , they wish to use it as a political stunt . it 's the same reason they ca n't show up at the front door of fort knox and expect to get pictures with the gold in the vault .
because it 's impossible to get around in this country without a car , unless you 're in certain metropolitan areas ? do n't you need a licence to get insurance ? do n't we want everyone driving to have insurance ?
is this the parade where andy ngo was attacked ?
deleted
& gt ; it was politically easy to oppose bussing right , because most of his constituents opposed it . & gt ; it is politically easy to oppose m4a . despite most americans supporting it ? & gt ; the difference is there are no corporate interests fighting against bussing . then how is supporting his constituents ' wishes on busing an indication he 'd cave to corporate interests ? & gt ; he literally said “ well delaware was a slave state ” when asked why southerners should like him . that 's a misquote , and it 's taken out of context . when asked how he 'd do in southern democratic primaries against southern candidates he said `` better than anybody else , and you do n't know my state . my state was a slave state . my state is a border state . my state is the eighthlargest black population in the country . my state is anything from a northeast , liberal state . '' you may as well claim his response was `` because delaware was a border state '' . it would be just as accurate , and also just as misleading . he also did n't say nothing would change for the average american . he said the rich wo n't be taxed enough to affect their lifestyles , which would take quite a punitive tax to accomplish anyhow . they 've generally got lots of breathing room before they need to tighten their belts .
you realize which sub you 're in right ? it 's impossible to tell from your comment that you were n't being facetious . it looked like you were pointing out that this decision was because of the judge being an obama appointee .
i didn ’ t know trump was so afraid of bernie !
answered many times already , someone has a learning disability .
how idiotic
my allegiance is to the republic , to democracy ! !
because having one allows them to buy insurance , have id , and traceable i suspect .
a little bit goes a long way ... otherwise you just sound like you 're trying too hard .
vote blue no matter who
some poor guy probably snuck in lol .
i just had surgery . asked how much it would cost . got a blank stare and a stammered `` i do n't know '' . the only thing that is sometimes cheaper is generic drugs . insurance or a wad of cash is required for nearly every medical procedure you need that is n't a life threatening emergency . insurance has this thing called negotiated rates . but you can tell yourself whatever bullshit you want .
i hear you . but now i want to hear biden say the same thing . i like to think that i am objective , am trying to find the best candidate . but biden 's answer at the first debate was really outoftouch and statements like these reinforce that narrative .
wow you actually think the right is racist
ice typically provides transportation back . why would their home countries not let them back in ? you 're not making any sense here . you think deportation is just someone telling a migrant to get lost ? lol
i doubt she ’ s a real person , honestly .
removed
it 's not , but the article is leaving out the major details . like how the da is also a black woman , how the pregnant woman went out of her way to start a fight , and the reason the other person fired her weapon
if you need a judge 's order to allow doctors into the door , it 's a fucking concentration camp .
what ! ? !
him and the white supremacist still have viewers and sponsors . they ’ re just doing their part as republicans and cashing the fuck in on the erosion of civility in this country and the flat out steamrolling of our democracy . don ’ t forget when you ’ re telling your kids why they can ’ t go outside cause it ’ s too hot and y ’ all can ’ t afford gas that we spoke up and fought and it was a good fight on twitter ...
bartending isn ’ t easy
america is n't a liberal democracy ; it 's a rightleaning republic , edging into oligarchy . some of us do n't like any of that , and wish it would stop being normalized by our leaders .
need to go back to when our country had a much higher percentage of workers in unions . that time coincides with when this country had the biggest middle class . coincidence , right ?
seriously this is freaking scary ! no matter how you look at it !
removed
completely agreed . back in 2016 , when it was hillary or bernie against trump , they could ’ ve been 112 for all i care they were still much better choices . now ? there ’ s plenty of candidates who are younger and more in touch with what nongeriatric americans want and need . joe biden isn ’ t my “ uncle joe , ” he ’ s “ greatuncle joe. ” the man is nearly ten years older than my grandmother . he belongs at home , retired , with his grandchildren not in the oval office . edit : damn , i thought he was 70 . scratch that , dude is almost twenty years older than my grandma .
and so they stick around after accidents
you are refuring to trump 's daughter right
lol nobody 's denying that racism exists and with it comes some of the unfortunate side effects like the things you mentioned . the thing we disagree on is how we see the role of race in poverty . yes there are people of color who are poor . there are also white people who are poor . yes the people of color often experience things that whites do n't have to experience because of their race . but which is the bigger issue , the fact that there are poor people ? or the fact that poor people come in different color ? poverty is a disease . racism is a symptom . some of the poorest people in america are in fact white . does that make them less deserving of our attention ? you 're so focused on the race issue it almost sounds like you 're saying that people 's skin color matters more than poverty itself . fix poverty first , not the other way around .
he ’ s talking about killing his own citizens . the fuck
was n't good enough tho . whatever wins we think hillary had , not good enough . she failed . the dems failed . the dnc failed . trump won because of his tactics . do n't ever forget it . we need stronger , more succinct leadership . without , we will repeat 2016 . it will happen if the front runner falls into his trap again .
you 'll have to check the link i provided . i did a quick scroll through them , and it looks like bernie won every county . but it does n't matter , because west virginia apparently awards their delegates proportionally . in any case , hillary won all west virginia 's superdelegates , which artificially increased her count .
and so has harris if we want to be blunt on just her political record and not say , when she was a judge where she had to follow strict rules or get kicked out . you can afford to be hyperprogressive in congress , but you ca n't afford it as much in other positions . i just hope biden gets nowhere fast .
it 's both .
because they are daytoday responsible for a functioning society . they do n't have trillions to throw at the militaryindustrial complex , or the bloated military with a 74year losing streak . shit has to get done . it 's much better to have drivers with some training & amp ; insurance , than just illegals zooming around with nothing .
bro , scope out the poll status and timing in the 2008 election
such a good movie .
neither is being an entitled moron with a victim mentality
would you hire the d student accountant or the a student account ?
will this sub do a preemptive ban of tucker carlson for advocating violence ?
uh , getting elected is a hell of a lot more of a qualification then being born .
you want them undocumented in one way or in multiple ways ?
removed
he did say that though . i was watching the whole thing from korea since all the major networks were covering it , and his speech was seriously the same regurgitated crap . my brother looked at me after trump was done by saying , `` all it was was trump saying that he was the reason why there 's peace in korea . '' trump kept saying obama was begging for something like this , but he was the one that accomplished it . and that fake news was going to change the narratives . seriously , if i had to do a drinking game for every time he brought up obama and his administration or fake news , i 'd have been drunk 5 minutes in . and his meeting with the troops was seriously tacky and childish , downright to using rock music and then god bless the usa .
if she had supported sanders in 2016 , she almost certainly would have been called a gender traitor . i honestly think the main reason she did n't run in 2016 was out of a misguided sense of respect for hillary and the `` it 's her turn '' mentality .
i don ’ t get it that way tho , she ’ s not interrupting
what about all the people who paid less for college tuition ? do they get an invoice ? no , we should just move forward and fix the mistakes we have now , not try to amend the past .
are you kidding me ? when cnn , msnbc , and other have literally been called out for having financial connections to the dnc , you have the gall to spout this kind of bs ? give me a break
goddamn , do democrats not have a clue on anything involving firearms .
what a silly symbolic gesture . this affects nothing , ... it is but a public robbing of peter to pay paul . the net effect will be that there will be an income for expenses shortfall to the judiciary . this deficit will simply be rolled to the next budget . dunleavy wo n't be governor long . it 's a silly charade . abortions will continue to be funded , and the courts as well .
and you see no problem with that ?
removed
a bartender with a degree in international relations and economics who was elected as a us representative , you mean ?
no , he was a trump supporter . definitely not on the left .
and an elderly man . there ’ s videos everywhere of a man appearing to be in his 70s whose face was split open with crowbars , then when another guy tried to help , they tried to murder him .
i guess that ’ s my point . i think the democrats supposed to play the part of the overseers won ’ t impeach because they too are corrupt or at least hiding something . they don ’ t want all of the public to understand the full implications of what this administration did/is doing . leaving the boogeymen in place makes their fear mongering easier and increases their fundraising .
because the privilege of a driver license is not dependent on lawful status . there are many benefits . what ’ s the harm ? why not do a thing that helps ?
iowa for obama was a bit different because a practically all white state voting for a black candidate was a historic moment in the history of the country . warren does n't really have that problem imo , her biggest test will be south carolina where she needs to make in roads with african american voters . if she can do that , she has a very good shot at winning the presidency .
removed
removed
that probably sounded better in your head .
& gt ; right , because most of his constituents opposed it . have you no concept of morality ? who cares if most of his constituents did ? he more than easily could have made a stand . stop hiding behind centrism . & gt ; i must confess that over the past few years i have been gravely disappointed with the white moderate . i have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the negro ’ s great stumbling block in his stride toward freedom is not the white citizen ’ s counciler or the ku klux klanner , but the white moderate , who is more devoted to “ order ” than to justice ; who prefers a negative peace which is the absence of tension to a positive peace which is the presence of justice ; who constantly says : “ i agree with you in the goal you seek , but i can not agree with your methods of direct action ” ; who paternalistically believes he can set the timetable for another man ’ s freedom ; who lives by a mythical concept of time and who constantly advises the negro to wait for a “ more convenient season. ” shallow understanding from people of good will is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of ill will . lukewarm acceptance is much more bewildering than outright rejection . & gt ; i had hoped that the white moderate would understand that law and order exist for the purpose of establishing justice and that when they fail in this purpose they become the dangerously structured dams that block the flow of social progress . i had hoped that the white moderate would understand that the present tension in the south is a necessary phase of the transition from an obnoxious negative peace , in which the negro passively accepted his unjust plight , to a substantive and positive peace , in which all men will respect the dignity and worth of human personality . actually , we who engage in nonviolent direct action are not the creators of tension . we merely bring to the surface the hidden tension that is already alive . we bring it out in the open , where it can be seen and dealt with . like a boil that can never be cured so long as it is covered up but must be opened with all its ugliness to the natural medicines of air and light , injustice must be exposed , with all the tension its exposure creates , to the light of human conscience and the air of national opinion before it can be cured . that ’ s mlk on moderates like joe . i wish he had lived to today so he could sink his ship with his own mouth . & gt ; despite most americans supporting it ? $ $ $ & gt ; then how is supporting his constituents ' wishes on busing an indication he 'd cave to corporate interests ? it ’ s indicative that he caves to whoever has the power . in race and identity relations , white heterosexual males do . in class relations , rich people do . not hard .
and the us is obviously the exception in that crowd . that 's pretty clearly implied in the latter part of my comment . & gt ; i suggest you do a bit more research before declaring the us morally rich ; our history including modern history is littered with atrocities i suggest you actually read and understand the comment you reply to before going all smug and try to be clever .
read the article people . this is why “ fake news ” is now a term
we should record all of the crazy , terrible , shit fox news does and release a compilation film .
deleted
1 . the concentration camps started out as ghettos and evolved to death camps . look it up . 2 . trump does not have a strict immigration policy . he is not concerned about visa overstays by europeans . he has defined mexicans as an objectionable `` other '' just as jews were defined by hitler . 3 . i agree that trump is not as evil as adolf hitler was , but not for lack of trying , just lack of competence and lack of time . and , as far as i am concerned , `` never forget and never again , '' means precisely that . it 's my job to do what i can to prevent similar behavior on the part of anyone , particularly an american president .
so killing your own citizens is okay ?
nice conspiracy bro . i guess the 50 million americans who voted for trump some how banded together without the knowledge of the other half . what is the point in your comment ? to cause outrage ? to lead the reddit hive mind towards hatred ? i barely come on reddit , but when i come to this sub all i see is liberal ideas . there ’ s no diversity in ideas in this sub that make it to the front page . and this comment specifically and all these other conspiracies with no base cause it .
he wishes to confiscate all of your telescopes .
chip in for the limo rental .
removed
there is . keep tilting at imaginary wind mills though
deleted
there wouldn ’ t be a shift to the left if not for bernie . these articles are ass .
removed
of what ? of having no concept of money ? having no empathy for others ? having a father who cheated on your mom while she gave birth ? how about having a father who wants to have sex with me ? assuming he has n't , that is . having my name drug through the mud ? grass is n't always greener . but good to know you ca n't argue the point being made .
when you say `` biologically , '' you know there is no such thing as `` race '' genetically , right ? all we have are a set of phenotypes that determine what we look like as a result of our ancestors ' adaptations to the regions they lived in . if you took a 23andme dna test , it does n't tell you what `` race '' you are it tells you what regions your ancestors were likely from by determining what genetic traits you have .
you mean the real potus ?
hi ` caliman023 ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : your headline must be comprised only of the exact copied and pasted headline of the article see our rule here . we recommend not using the reddit 'suggest a title ' as it may not give the exact title of the article . the all caps and 'breaking ' rule is applied even when the actual title of the article is in all caps or contains the word 'breaking' . this rule may be applied to other single word declarative and/or sensational expressions , such as 'exclusive : ' or 'hot : ' . click here for more details if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
yes .
nice ! just checked the fund ... can you believe there 's only $ 35 in the ncsen dem nominee fund right now ? that 's pretty sad ... it should get a lot more attention .
trump to fox news : jump ! fox news : absolutely sir ! ! how high ? !
removed
i did n't mean it had to be political experience perse . i do n't care for career politicians , but let 's not pretend like aoc has any experience in any field . that 's a red flag to me , why ca n't she get a job in her field and has to resort to bartending with such an `` educated '' background ? donald trump is a shrewd businessman that has decades of experience in making deals . that 's similar to politics , just in the private sector . diplomacy is the art of the deal . i 'm not saying he 's perfect or without failures in his life as with many business people , but let 's not pretend as if aoc and trump have equal experience in the world . and i think trump has proven himself , whether you like it or not , that he can get beneficial things done for our country . aoc ca n't even get her own bogus plan off the ground .
`` no hard feelings , huh buddy ? ''
after hearing her explanation of what “ complicit '' meant . i stopped taking her seriously .
be nice to people with learning disabilities . they suck at either math or reading . they are n't dumb and spiteful by the effects of their disability .
payroll taxes are n't inherently progressive . what makes it slightly progressive in this case is that there is a fixed exemption for income based on household size , and then a flat tax above it , so high earners do pay a higher effective tax rate than lower earners . that it 's also more progressive than the status quo is icing on the cake . a flat tax might be nominally progressive , but it will almost certainly be less progressive than this proposed payroll tax , and certainly less progressive than the status quo .
as others have pointed out , by your statement donald trump is fully qualified to be president then ?
in a war , where soldiers are fighting and killing and bombing each other , doctors and medical staffers are not required to have a judge ruling to do their work !
removed
i think folks did learn from 2016 namely , that we should n't nominate a milquetoast centrist this time around .
& gt ; given the information we have to work with for a hypothetical general election matchup between clinton and sanders ' shot at trump , and the actual results of the election , every percent difference was extremely important . you said something specific . you said she was polling even with trump . at first you could claim ignorance . the fact that you still ca n't acknowledge that you were not right and are now trying to fall back on new arguments to save face really hammers home that it 's just a straight up lie though .
buying back ? did the government sell any of these to people in the first place ?
i know people do n't want to hear it , but warren is a much better candidate than bernie but with very similar principles . mayor pete is an excellent candidate but he will not win the nom because of his inexperience .
there is too much talent within the pool for biden be our nominee
lol thats the dumbest thing ive ever heard . unemployment was going back up and gdp was less than 2 % in obama 's final year .
woahwoahwoah what ? on tv ? what kinda news channel yall got merica
maybe yes for this election , definitely disillusionment for the next election .
that 's not how that works
that ’ s a really good point , i didn ’ t even think of that .
anyone who ’ s ever celebrated passover knows that the treatment of immigrants is a major central theme of judaism .
i still can not believe there are people making money off this . getting paid to work here is one thing . corporate profits , quite another .
do my kids count as a small , controlled environment ? you know , modelling can actually show us how systems might work or not . simulations using available data is how we do things like that now .
cutting taxes on the richest in the 60 's , and again in the 80 's , and again in the 90 's , 2000s , 2010s . imagine walking in a straight line into the ocean and after decades of walking acting astounded there 's still not enough to breathe .
um usually when stories do n't match up that indicates guilt .
removed
yeah but she sells purses though .
the usa is the only reason `` liberal democracies '' exist . if the usa did n't exist , the ussr would have won the cold war in a heartbeat against europe . it 's one of the reasons why the usa is so despised .
lived it as a worker bee and we had a major hurricane at the same time , so yes i know what happened . my point is that the former president shouldn ’ t be applauded as a deficit hawk . really . for me neither major party gives a shit about the deficit and will spend the country into the ground all the while writing checks to their base that we just can ’ t cover .
i don ’ t know why anyone would want to be a nazi . those that followed hitler commuted suicide in droves after the war when they realized what they had been led to do by a prick .
nice screen name , try hard .
this hate on tucker is unfounded and completely misrepresented . this is a left wing driven , hyperbolic headline in order to distract from the fact that trump was the first president to set foot on north korean soil . if you know anything about tucker , he is an isolationist . he ’ s against all foreign wars and conflicts . in the same show in which he made this comment , he mocked and belittled kim jong un . again , this is taken completely completely out of context and is misrepresentative to what tucker carlson was actually trying to convey .
... she ’ s a sitting senator
how is everyone not screaming what the fuck at the top of their lungs right now .
of course i see a problem with that . why are you asking me ? i simply provided information . are you sure you 're responding to the right person ?
deleted
i do n't have time to research the many atrocities committed by other modern western democracies , but i know they exist . and i have no idea how that was implied in your comment .
i think he was laughing at the concept of news entertainment . not implying fox is not called news entertainment .
flavortown vs favortown
reid got rid of the 60 vote cloture rule . do your research . he did it so he jam through some appellate nominations . mcconnell did it for scotus justices , but only was able to because reid opened the door for him . point remains . democrats love the biden rule , until they ’ re on the wrong end of it .
getting elected for a public position is a lot more of a qualification then being donald trump ’ s spooge .
deleted
no , you inferred he is currently against gay marriage . what was said is true , he did vote for that act .
removed
deleted
i 'd like to know what happened to this clown . he looks like he 's gained about 100 pounds . is he fattening up for a movie role or something ?
i love how far the goal post has been moved , and now we are just making , assumptions
election publicity stunt .
just looking for some feedback .
what is hard to comprehend . i said i condemned him and i agree with his characterization . i simply added the caveat that since trump got elected people like to label conservatives and others political opponents as being white supremacists and/or neonazis with no proof , as a way to demonize a group they disagree with .
removed
i think his energization has some negative side effects . obama was a great inspirer of people , and he did it without the toxicity . regardless , politician worship is rarely beneficial . i often hear people claim , literally with all sincerity , that sanders has been right on every issue .
aoc was a bartender . who is she to make any comments ? ivanka lead a full team of women as well . where is the women power ?
trump would give north korea delaware if he thought it meant joe biden couldn ’ t run for president .
“ i ’ m not saying president trump should murder anyone , i ’ m just referring to the data. ” jordan peterson probably
deleted
yes , that 's more like it . many press cartoonists appear to be restrained by editorial and advertiser influences . i do n't know how they get out from under it either . it takes a brave and independent editor , not under control of board members and advertisers . they are also beholden to retail sales and their readership demographics . how many gems are either buried or stillborn as a result of these factors ?
& gt ; knows who andy ngo is , but does n't know the difference between a pride parade in nyc and a proud boys rally in portland
trump ’ s father ?
& gt ; the opening is great , reminding us that the trumprussia investigation found that seemingly everyone involved lied repeatedly about their actions . and yet in the democratic debates moderators did not ask about it and may of the candidates did n't bring it up either . what is wrong with this country ?
i feel it may not be a good thing to do . by providing a black market you are providing another income source to criminals . if you want to hamper crimals who use guns , i would argue that a better way to do that would be better regulation around the safe storage of guns and enforcement of straw purchasing laws . also a rat out your friends who have illegal guns type of incentive . if you make it harder to steal and buy illegal guns , as well as kill the flash them around culture , i think you would see a bigger impact . i also doubt that a slight rise in bullet cost would deter any crime because criminals do n't use many bullets .
he looks like trump
this is how germany started killing the jews .
deleted
same to you , and good luck with your jokes on here , too !
that japan making better vhs recorders was a national failure and that success is determined by biological inheritance . meaning he really does believe in the trade wars and he is as racist as they come even if it does n't manifest in the same way as the standard issue socially learned prejudice that drives most other racists . i do n't think he has any other political beliefs .
the clown in pink satin sleevies
i mean this is possible since trump has come out and said that dictator is his type .
i did n't donate money . i 've been canvassing on behalf of a few specific candidates i met at a local political thing .
you ’ re implying that schools are more segregated today ? is there a source for that ? perhaps across entire municipalities , ie the gresham schools are a lot less diverse than portland , but within pps most schools are very diverse .
that 's what i wonder about george and kellyanne conway . he 's always on twitter talking about trump and his administration and what a disgrace they are and yet he 's married to maybe the worst of all of them aside from trump himself . i assume he 's just a lying liar like his wife and talks shit about trump to get more attention for whatever reason because i ca n't fathom how he could share a house , let alone a bed , with someone like kellyanne unless he 's just like her .
wonder what bolton is in mongolia for ? ironically or redundant given that trump went for a hot date in n korea but mongolia is one of the diplomatic gobetween countries for n korea and the west .
trump : i really love rudy . he is totally enamored to me . i mean , i 've had men who 've loved me before , but not for six months in a row .
having someone at your business depositing every check it receives is n't nearly as weird as the head of the business photographing his hands every year to send to another man .
& gt ; every discussion about the guy is about physical torture , and it 's almost certain he was not physically tortured . your use of the word “ almost ” would indicate that it ’ s not definitive like you said it was .
see now would n't that have been easy to state right off the bat , rather than bringing out the tired old `` but what about obama ? ! '' the left does n't like trump 's approach to peace because it is haphazard , sloppy , inconsistent , and built on falsehoods . north korea is the same north korea as its ever been , but trump has entertained the idea that their leadership deserves to be on the same stage , and given the same respect , as the united states . trump has n't engineered any lasting peace in north korea , as evidenced by their total disregard for any of their previous promises of denuclearisation . trump has failed to negotiate peace , and so if your dichotomy of total war/lasting peace is the only pair of options , trump has effectively set up the us to go to war with north korea . either that , or he will continue to elevate a stalinist dictator to an equal footing with himself for the duration of his presidency , and future presidents will continue to manage nk 's threats of nuclear annihilation by ignoring them . and that 's north korea , a country he hasn't narrowly avoided bombing under bizarre circumstances , after violating a disarmament deal by placing sanctions on medication . trump 's interactions with iran are a waaaay weirder story , and i 'm still not convinced it wo n't come to the us instigating an actual war . and while we 're on the `` peace '' front , the trump administration has been lopsided on where and when `` peace '' is priority . with north korea , peace is the goal . but trump , personally , still tried to force through a massive weapons shipment to the saudis to aid them in yemen . if trump was a real `` peace '' president , just not sending the saudis weapons would probably be a good step in brokering a peace . it all points to a completely incomprehensible foreign policy . what is trump 's goal in north korea , and why is n't it the same goal as in yemen ? why is the us teetering on the edge of another war in the gulf , an evolving situation which is already based on the us acting in extreme bad faith , while trump supporters online talk about how good trump is in his work of peace ? deciding not to kill the 150 people you decided to kill is n't peace , it 's just a reprieve . what the heck is us policy regarding north korea ? who knows ! they 're making it up as they go along ! the same as all trump admin policy . and that 's why i ca n't stand the trump admin 's approach to peace : it 's slipshod and unmanageable , almost designed to be violated , and presents no clear policy anywhere . if it manages to work for a little while , it 'll almost certainly come back to bite later on , and its written by incompetent lunatics in the first place so it 's a big if .
is it ? ghwb was the last vp to win ...
voting for sanders is just asking to get bernied again , and lose by getting 3 million votes less than clinton did . whatever you 're implying about her electability , sanders was inarguably , demonstrably , statistically worse .
no , if they are n't actively including all the shitty things they did , then it 's disinformation . you ca n't claim it 's only bias when it 's solely good things that are said , and that it 's disinformation when it 's solely negative things that are said . that 's a double standard .
i 've said it before and i 'll say it again . democracy just does n't work .
of course they did , after all not clapping is treason .
i 'm pretty fucking far left and i can respect him . i mean , it is what it is . but he treated his subordinates as if they were his own children .
& gt ; it looked like you were pointing out that this decision was because of the judge being an obama appointee . it looks like that is precisely what the article was intending to imply .
removed
& gt ; fred hampton . martin luther king . vietnam war , iraq war , etc . scandinavia ... i think you should brush up on your geography . hint : the us , vietnam or iraq are n't scandinavian .
deleted
holy fucking shit . this is a new level . did he just defend the worlds vilest torture regime ? this has to end .
governments are supposed to kill as few as possible because it ’ s a bad thing . if you ’ re killing your citizens your doing bad somewhere . government is intended to be order not violence .
i 'd be fine with that , but it 's unlikely to happen . they do n't really balance each other out . i 'm betting buttigieg ends up vp for either warren or harris . sanders would n't pick him though .
wrong every republican and trump are an embarrassment to america . get your facts straight .
removed
no , no , clearly it 's a better idea to borrow the money from china . the same china that a certain fucking moron put us into a trade war with . then , we can use taxpayer money to pay the farmers that are being hurt by said trade war started by that certain fucking moron .
this is a very bad take .
he aint wrong look at the us got ta bomb somebody am i right ? ?
deleted
she 's the candidate that has the most detailed policies . she 's often been criticized for not being charismatic enough .
see , this is is what white people love to do with mlk always with the whitewashing . ugh . mlk never stopped focusing on racism . do you actually think he was like `` eh , racism solved '' and moved on to his next project ? he expanded his scope , he did n't shift it . he traveled to memphis in '68 in support of poorly treated black sanitation workers , for pete 's sake . he was always concerned with the welfare of his people . he expanded his work , yes , but he never stopped focusing on racism .
& gt ; usa does n't have an official language ? technically true , but i have tropical property in antarctica to sell you if someone argues against english being the de facto lingua franca . the bigger issue is that it 's largely perceived as valueswhoring to the latino vote , and the fact that quite a few of them do n't speak the best spanish to begin with .
when is hannity 's dirty laundry getting aired ? looking forward to that .
i 've worked in germany in a refugee shelter as security , not everyone was allowed in there , police and doctors were an exception . everyone needed permission to get in there . during the asylum procedure , it was their home , no one wanted the refugees are not displayed as in a zoo . it is not helped if everything and everyone marches in there , and maybe something promises , which can not be fulfilled later . as security , we had all the trouble and frustration with the refugees , because the government promised him something and did not comply . so bad and sad that there are still such bad conditions and apparently no improvement , this could also be a shot in the back when mrs harris , mr sanders ect look around there and promise improvement , but then nothing happens . do not get me wrong , i think this is a shit about how the accommodation is with you at least what i 've read so far , but as a refugee you stick to any hope , small as it may be or given to you .
deleted
maybe multi drug resistant tuberculosis will help get a little green from their selfish depths . it can be real fun at that level . some of the antibiotics make you deaf . good times .
& gt ; they say , ‘ it ’ s not so bad ’ or ‘ you ’ re seeing things ’ or ‘ you ’ re an alarmist. ’ everyone says this nowadays . 'alarmist ' is a dismissal du jour of anyone 's concerns about the guy you like doing something the guy you do n't like does n't want them to do . if we treat the term as some sort of red flag that the person speaking is supporting or enacting a slippery slope to some atrocity , then quite frankly almost every member of our government should be sitting behind bars just in case .
oh i wld never vote non democrat ! and hey did you remove the “ fucking ” . i see u being sly
if warren gets `` eaten alive '' then you can sayonara to any candidate because it will take trump 5 minutes to start some bullshit to sink whatever candidate you put up . if `` dont get eaten alive '' is democrats ' logic for picking a candidate you might as well let republicans start picking the democratic nominee .
well that 's a new one i thought you were going say it 's because they had socialism in their acronym . i always thought he hated them and wanted to kill them .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
hi ` deabeatdad ` , your post ` tulsi gabbard : dnc rigged the presidential primary and damaged the party ` has been removed because the youtube channel is not on our whitelist . to submit to our whitelist , please view this link , which will allow you to submit submit a url for consideration . if this was in error , please message the moderators . note : we will not be whitelisting channels that do not adhere to our rules . if you submit a rule breaking channel to our whitelist form , we may match your form submission against your reddit submission and ban your account . if you are deemed to be a spammer , your account will be reported to the admins ! channels that will absolutely not be considered include personal blogs , satirical or entertainment based channels , nonreputable / notable channels and blatant spam . do not submit a channel for whitelisting that has rulebreaking content . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
everyone is doing everything they can to not elect bernie . he is good for the populous , bad for everyone else . the enemy of the wealthy .
got ta fight on his turf just tweet at him .
that 's why they 're obtaining kids from the migrant camps now . totally disposable afterwards .
about time .
the entire republican party isn ’ t trying to hide the fact they hate the middle class , women , minorities and democracy . so naturally fox has no fear .
at least it means something to fucking somebody ...
removed
how far fetched your hopes are , like taking your health care out of the hands of doctors and putting it in the hands of a guy with no medical training who does n't even care about your health and just wants to look important , and whose vague plan is to use his charm and charisma to convince your body to be healthy . it 's kind of silly to hope that would work out , right ?
the more people learn about biden , the less they like him . biden was just obama ’ s wacky , musclecar loving friend from the memes , but the deeper you dig and people will dig , the worse he looks .
& gt ; i ca n't wait until he applies this to the concentration camps on our border . `` actually , concentration camps are good because they allow us to deal with the infesta i mean , they allow us to enforce border security , something something sovereign nation ''
removed
that 's the only legit answer .
removed
deleted
jamaica 's laws have no bearing in the united states . canada is literally in north america , it 's a totally different country . jim crow did n't happen in jamaica . it happened in america .
red flag
after reading that article you got ta wonder how that became the title . there ’ s like one section where an obama campaign official says that they considered hillary as a way to boost obama ’ s popularity but decided she wouldn ’ t do much to help . that ’ s not even close to what the original poster was saying . appreciate the link !
oh , so that 's what you meant when you 've said `` have done so '' . which dem candidate have you canvassed for for the ncsen race , if any of those candidates were there at your local political thing ?
that ’ s just california . other states use machines .
removed
joey showing how out of touch and clueless he is ... .again . this man does not need to be running for office .
is it the one where trump nazis murdered heather heyer ? the right murders constantly . terrorist right keeps being locked up
“ i love the poorly educated ” djt
“ i ’ m not a relativist or anything but let me just go ahead and say blatantly relativist comments . ”
considering that law enforcement does exactly that , you 're in luck . i wo n't be posting news articles on each attack , but they 're easy to find and they have wikipedia pages with citations you can investigate yourself . i was actually skeptical when i was given this list months ago , but i was unable to find even two specific documented incidents of deadly violence on the left . there was a guy who shot a republican politician a few years ago , but he did n't die so it did n't make the list . i would have no problem if you could find deadly left wing attacks and for the integrity of the argument , i 'll add them to the list . but political violence has long been documented as nearly always right wing . every mention of the leftwing is vague and i have n't found anything concrete . here 's data on 2018 . this article explores a longer time period . '' between 2007 and 2017 attacks occurred in virtually every state in the united states , from california to texas , florida , virginia , and new york . ``
& gt ; this dishonesty has been routinely overlooked i was listening to npr on the night the barr memo dropped and one of the hosts of all things considered literally said something like : `` the mueller report proved what we have said all along there was no collusion between the president and russia '' mind you this was the barr memo and npr was citing the notreleased mueller report . since then they have repeated the assertion trump was/is innocent of collusion .
to be fair , he ’ s not wrong . i don ’ t think he was saying he thinks it ’ s the correct way to behave , but it ’ s historically been true for any sort of governance . democracy , communism , insert form of rule here each do come with a cost . some have obvious fussed up ways in how they manage and treat their people , but all do come with a cost .
deleted
deleted
ouch , too real .
fucking sunday night , moscow working overtime tonight posting bullshit . keep em coming nikoli i drink vodka for you !
deleted
it ’ s also way easier to pay off a loan when you are paying it back with dramatically inflated dollars , as was the case in the 70s/80s . inflation is great for people in debt .
like these fucks care about not contradicting themselves .
what . how did this even become a segment ? who approved of this stupidity as a segment ? someone spent their day writing a segment on the evils of the metric system , got it approved , found an antimetric system “ expert ” to bring on the show , and actually freaking aired it as a serious segment . it ’ s like a saturday night live sketch except the actors didn ’ t know it was a joke .
i wonder if one of kim 's love letters bragged about turning down obama , because he wanted his first american presidential summit to be with someone special ? i 'm starting to think trump is being super literal when he says they fell in love .
fair enough , it just was n't the vibe that i wanted right before going to bed . like i said , i plan on giving him another chance . and clearly that going to bed thing did n't work out because here i am on reddit again ...
it looks from your linked article like britain is second in terms of innovation behind the us , despite spending nearly 2/3 less per capita on healthcare . i think that 's not a bad tradeoff . can you cite a source for your final sentence ? as every single independent study out there ranks american healthcare comfortably behind most of the major developed nations of the world . i can cite several sources for this . you could also read several financial analyses of various universal healthcare system ideas for america , which all show savings for the average american financially . there is no 'golden standard ' for 'socialized healthcare ' , and i hate to break it to you , but health insurance in america currently is socialized it 's just socialized with greedy , morally vacuous insurance companies left largely unchecked by the government . i happen to think that a mixture of public & amp ; private insurance options to ensure that no citizen is left without healthcare regardless of their assets is the most sensible way forward . the fact that any american can be left 'uninsured ' , and therefore could be financially ruined for their lifetime as a result of getting sick , in the richest nation economically in history is equally as vacuous . nobody gets healthcare for free , but america currently spends twice the amount per capita on healthcare than other major nations for far worse care statistically . see : # itemaveragewealthycountriesspendhalfmuchperpersonhealthusspends i 'm sorry , but you really do n't want to go there . also it 's not 'my ' system any more , as i live in america . the nhs absolutely has its problems , but potentially leaving anyone tens or hundreds of thousands in the hole is n't one of them . nor strangely enough are 'death panels ' , but plenty of people here die or simply have to let themselves get sicker until their insurance is eventually forced to pay up by some court if at all . i would go on mentioning the highest infant mortality rate in the developed world etc etc ... but i think there 's a character limit ? in all seriousness , i do n't write any of this to piss you off , but to help you realise that you are being screwed over and lied to by insurance corporations who lobby politicians to continue to play nice with them it can be so much better .
deleted
is trump “ lean , mean and not to fair inbetween ” ?
& gt ; and i have no idea i figured as much already . a lot of bold claims and exactly nothing to back that up . sounds like you have no idea .
never said that . never thought that . but if that is your prejudice ...
appear disgusted and confused anytime anyone is talking to him . that 's his only principle
welcome to r/politics during the primaries . go back to the archives in 2016 for more laughs .
i read this in john oliver 's voice .
sounds like a good goal for the us . at this point , there are even trade schools of a sort for coding .
ted interfaces with automobile systems through his spore appendages like anyone else
maybe they can be called freedom gas chambers .
under certain circumstances , yes . obama famously ordered a drone strike on an american citizen . i think it was justified . presidents also `` kill '' people by not helping them too . deploying troops in certain areas rather than others after a natural disaster , for example .
you had us in the first half , not gon na lie
and they ’ ll just ignore this order and there will be no consequences .
how is the tweet racist or related to birtherism exactly ? it was tweeted out by a black guy originally and at no point does it claim she ’ s not a us citizen so it doesn ’ t appear those are accurate labels to use in this case .
fox , preparing it 's viewers to accept and normalize dictatorships , over democratic socialism ... . massively frightening , after the years they spent fear mongering these people about obama .
right wingers love nk and kju , but hate china the next breath lol .
removed
this makes way more sense the more i think about it .
pretty sure north korea didn ’ t recently annex a neighboring country , so no tim , just stop .
because when you literally risked your own life , limb , and freedom during the civil rights movement for a people you did n't even `` belong to '' , you do n't have to answer idiotic questions about race . ever .
journalists want truth from a liar so he does n't get along with journalists and dictators want respect/sanction relief and he gives it to them in exchange for flattery/nothing .
i do n't think you can call people old jews
what ’ s up with republicans dissing those who actually work ? they really are letting us know how they really feel . “ conservative commentator piers morgan hit ocasiocortez over her criticism , tweeting `` could be worse ... ivanka could have been a bartender 18 months ago . `` ” edit : what an asshole .
kinda like making a meeeean cosmo , in some dive bar , does n't make you a congresswoman ... 🤣
deleted
new york bartender ? typical coastal elite ! !
in my comment , i was referring to people from the country of india in southeast asia . those individuals are generally never referred to as `` white . '' if you are asking about `` indians '' in the context of the indigenous people of north america , those individuals are not referred to as `` black , '' and frankly , should not be referred to as `` indian '' either . it was a misclassification by christopher columbus during his bloody search for the the easternmost edge of india .
this was a pretty big story when it happened , take your pick
what did the ice detention facility do beforehand ?
if they put joey up as the democrat candidate it will certainly be another disaster .
donald trump did not win the popular vote just saying . and yes , donald trump does fulfill the requirements to be a president . people can argue forever that he did not with the popular vote , but he won with the electoral system the us has . whether he is a good president or not is not up to me to judge
elizabeth warren is actually pretty pragmatic , imo .
at this point in his career , mueller is more concerned with upholding his impeccable record than actually defending america from traitors and fascists .
even in right to work states isnt it illegal to fire someone based on political ideology ?
& gt ; the thing about bigots like you , who defend other bigots , i 'm not a bigot nor am i defending carlson , i 'm telling you that bolton is a complete and utter monster . there 's levels to being a shitty person , bolton is at the very top of being a genocidal maniac . & amp ; # x200b ; & gt ; is you remove all other context to focus on the miniscule to justify your beliefs . nuclear first striking a country is not miniscule . pointing out the difference between a shitty human being with racist beliefs and a large platform vs a genocidal maniac is n't a way to justify the beliefs you accuse me of having . when it comes to foreign intervention , and dealing with iran/nk i would hope the president takes carlson 's advice on staying the fuck away . that 's what this whole thread is about . you 're the one stripping context by pretending they 're both the same or on the same level . & gt ; you want us to forget that the person who hired bolton also hired carlson . he did n't though o\_o . trump did n't hire carlson at all . hypothetically , though , my point stands that i 'd take carlson over bolton in a heart beat . & gt ; that they 're both cozying up to nk i do n't think that 's a problem . there 's no reason to perpetually increase tensions with countries .
deleted
removed
fuller , and mccready , though i do n't think that 's official yet .
if anything , chelsea 's got much more from her parents ' `` brand . '' before the election , the clinton name had more cache and importance in respected political , media , and industry circles than probably any other in america . in those same circles the trump name was synonymous with a known huckster blowhard with a shitty reality competition show .
& gt ; a traitorous , exreality star this is such a ridiculous thing to be happening . who the fuck would have thought the words `` traitorous exreality star '' would be an accurate description of the fucking potus a few years ago ? or founding fathers ?
deleted
yeah this makes me sad too . do old white retirees fix their own cars that much to be a target audience for them ?
because i don ’ t think it is . i can ’ t see how it is a defense of nk and you repeating that it is in conclusory fashion isn ’ t convincing me . it ’ s a defense of trump and the way he is dealing with and speaking about nk .
basically people are ready to be offended by anything he says cause white . instead of taking his words at face value , they would rather push their agenda and spin it as if he 's a closet klannsman . interpreting completely normal statements as gaffes is only going to make the democrats look out of touch with reality and drive away moderates . trump is n't that popular , even republicans do n't like him . let 's not lose sight of the mission in some bizarre fixation with ideological purity . we are the big tent party , that 's the only way we win .
how is this ok ? i have friends who think this is normal now . how have we lost our morality to justify making peace with brutal dictators
i did . that 's really bad . really really bad .
deleted
every criticism that is hurled at fox news for being unfair and biased , is equally true in reverse for literally every other mainstream network . republicans have one mainstream network . one . progressives have dozens , and the progressive narrative controls the dialogue in the media .
deleted
i 'd just tell them to take a break from their trollfarm job , because i speak to a great number of democrats of all stripes online and just about the only thing they all agree on is that they would never , ever vote for trump and are in fact unlikely to ever vote for a republican as long as they live . i consider myself a moderate , and reject the characterization of us as unreasonable antiprogressives . if it was n't contrived , then this individual represents an absolutely tiny , niche , almost irrelevant narrative .
i know right dropped more bombs in the middle east than any president ever yet here is trump making ground with north korea like hes got some sort of magic wand mfw he crosses that line ... nobel peace prize is more than just
i 'm kind of shocked you missed the metaphor so hard . i 'm not saying that student debt is somehow slavery . i 'm using the metaphor to show that freeing the slaves was 'unfair ' to slaveholders , but it was a societal improvement that was ultimately both necessary for the country , and the morally right thing to do . there are plenty of 'unfair ' parts to prior legislation . tax cuts are passed , unfairly benefiting certain tax brackets . 'cash for clunkers ' was n't fair for people in the market to buy used cars . military equipment production bills close a company in ohio , and open a new one in north carolina making tanks that the generals do n't even want . that might not be fair to ohio , or the troops . it might even be a bad bill , but the fairness of the exchange alone is n't the only consideration at play , because it 's a part of an annual budget that 's as essential as it is political . none of these things are fair . but good policy should be creating more than it is destroying , and it should be helping more than it 's hurting , and as long as it 's doing these things , 'fairness ' is a very subjective term that does not matter much to the bills .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
deleted
do you really ? i highly doubt that . let me quote what you said . `` i would rather kill those people than find out what makes them tick . ''
that is the part i have a real trouble with right now . in the past the children of presidents had been off limits . largely due to being in grade school ie barron and obama 's children . but what do you do when the children are n't children , like trumps other children ? it seems that the gop wants to have the same level of protection for trumps older children that were afforded to the last presidents that had children that remained minors the entirety of their parent 's service ... however , they still want or accept trump 's children to be involved in politics . it is a weird spot , i feel we do n't want to set the norm for going after everyone related to a president , because it is likely we will return shortly to presidents that still have children that are minors ... but how do you respond that the current situation is n't acceptable ? especially when the current administrations view point is along the lines of `` they are n't getting paid so who cares '' type of methodology .
i feel like if he had said the exact opposite , that no one was making fun of gay waiters in seattle that people would be up in arms as well . & amp ; # x200b ; honestly , can anyone say for sure that no one made fun of a gay waiter in seattle ? & amp ; # x200b ; the whole thing is ridiculous and it 's sad to see him getting attacked by the pc police like this .
an excellent idiot . you got that right .
removed
was n't his original line when he was first planning to meet with north korea that it was something nobody had even wanted or tried to do , and that he was braver and more forward thinking for wanting and trying ? kind of does n't fit in the same reality as this claim .
deleted
he 'll only care if a democrat wins . then you 'll see a rebirth of the gop giving a shit about election meddling the likes of which the world has never seen .
my entire comment was about how , irrespective of the 'slip ' she still did n't accurately describe any aspect of the government , let alone how it operates . it 's not about the misuse of the term , but not even getting the intended definition right . if you read my comment you 'll notice i talked about how she got what she was talking about wrong irrespective of mistaking branches and chambers . did you not read it ? she got the fundamental premise of how government works wrong , not just the terminology .
well , since you imagine so , okay then . lol
you 're not entitled to what the robots owned by elites produce either . you 're not a victim , and no one owes you anything . i know angsty teenagers like to make these kinds of edgy comments : & gt ; your happiness derives from gdp growth and how the economy is doing or in simpler terms , it depends on $ only . everyone did at some point in their life , but these misguided beliefs lead to political support for terrible government interventions that brutally violate people 's human rights . no one should be imprisoned because they refused to give you a share of their income . and as for the economics of it : copypasting this is a cartoonish understanding of automation . automation does not mean expensive superrobots that only the elite own . automation means the means of production becoming more affordable every day . things that are not commonly associated with automated production in fact are . for example smart phones are an automation tool . like all automation tools , they are getting more affordable , and widely accessible . a decade ago only the middle class and up in developed countries owned smart phones . today almost everyone in developed countries can afford a smart phone , and hundreds of millions of people in developing countries own one as well . the same trend will be seen in 3d printers . a decade ago only wealthy individuals and companies in the developed world could afford one . now it 's becoming affordable for the middle class in developing countries . in another decade , it will be affordable for almost everyone in the developed world , and hundreds of millions of people in the developing world . as automation gets cheaper , it becomes less costly to start and operate a business . where starting a restaurant requires hundreds of thousands of dollars in capital today , in order to cover the salaries of five or six staff for at least a year until the restaurant turns profitable , the automated restaurants of the future may cost only $ 10,000 to start up , and a few hundred dollars a month in operating costs , meaning restaurants will be able to survive on lower volumes . this will mean more restaurants for people to dine in , more people working as managers and restaurant owners , and fewer people working as cooks and wait staff . so the effect of automation , as always , is to improve the occupations that people work in and increase the amount and diversity of goods and services individuals produce and consume . the following explains the economic principles behind automation in more detail . anyone commenting in /r/politics about automation and its relationship with unemployment should be required to read this first . the state of economic knowledge among the majority of people in places like /r/politics seems to be on par with the state of medical knowledge among antivaxxers , and this ignorance empowers economically illiterate demagogues like sanders who institute massively destructive government interventions .
jeff winger rolled a 1
yikes . the problem was brett 's response to the hearings . he exploded in a rage filled calendar orgy of partisan nonsense and that is being generous . also the guy was nominated by a president that argued a judge was bias against him because of his ethnicity . so if that is your standard for removing a judge i do n't see how you endorse kav 's partisan ramblings .
removed
probably simpler to point out example where he 's telling the truth , few though they may be . he 's disconnected from reality in the way that all malignant narcissists are .
this thread is about how ivanka has no right to attempt to act as an american diplomat , but sure . also , trump got 3 million less votes .
removed
and like 2016 , some people on r/politics will buy the health lies and help spread them
i 'm curious to why venezuela seems like the only authoritarian regime he is n't buddies with .
i did . i held my nose and voted for the conservative in the race which means i voted for hillary , yes . does n't mean i 'll support a racist like biden .
aoc has so many sick burns .
no . i think that event happened a few years ago . ngo is a journalist who was beaten and left for dead with a brain hemorrhage by antifa . i was hoping that this was a story detailing what happened , but i 've yet to see one make the front page .
deleted
i 'm going to pretend your premise is 100 % true . the pentagon has said election security is under risk of attack and altering by a foreign government , the presidents goal should be t fix that , yes ?
deleted
& gt ; have you no concept of morality ? sure , but we 're discussing standing up for your constituents , not doing what is right . & gt ; who cares if most of his constituents did ? most of his constituents ? & gt ; it ’ s indicative that he caves to whoever has the power . which is the majority of voters .
oh good , another puff piece on this empty husk .
that 's a pretty short sided , myopic , view of the issue . throwing money at the problem wo n't fix anything . i 'd love for every american to have coverage , but at what cost . now these clowns want to cover everyone too . the reason we are in this position in the first place is because of price and wage fixing during ww2 . government , solving problems it created , while asking for more of my labor to do it .
didn ’ t his tax returns show he lost 1bn in 10 years from 19851994 ? maybe he ’ s not such a “ shrewd businessman ” or he ’ s lying on his taxes .
removed
because he wants to be a dictator .
the us already kills millions of its own people every year by making healthcare inaccessible for them lol
tucker carlson has much more influence on foreign policy than the bolton guy . everyone hates him . everyone .
do n't trust a person who would n't clean their own toilet .
what infuriates you so ? do you just not like the reality of it all ? nato countries kill people , mexico does , america does , canada does , venezuela does , iran does , china does , russia does , turkey does , egypt does , etc .
pass
what does that accusation have to do with antisemitism ?
deleted
the amount of ignorance and stupidity in this video is awe inspiring .
imagine hating communists cause they have totalitarian dictators but loving trump for praising totalitarian dictators human right abuses . modern right wing in a nutshell .
trump administration ndas allow for positive information to be used , but nothing negative ... she wo n't violate her nda because she is an evil person and loves trump
removed
it does happen , but this is n't something that should be aspired to .
haven ’ t been visited by people who admit bring from the future ... i wouldn ’ t . galileo ? einstein ? shit , my grandpa was considered a visionary because he mentioned things like coke machines and that freaked out plenty of his neighbors
what does this have to do with the post ?
no , i would not agree that weakening the us 's position and strengthening evil nk 's position is positive or neutral . why do you think it was policy to not do this is it 's obviously a positive thing ? think about it . the us could have done this whenever it wanted to why do you think it did n't ?
the rich fucking assholes want trump reelected so they donate to joey 's campaign . biden is the only person that trump might be able to beat . biden would be a disaster as president , and the dumbass should be running as the republican he is .
obvious projection .
fox news is now the face of the nation and ambassador .
it clearly was and just because you say it was n't does n't make it not . we can go around in this circle all day , you 're wrong , i have provided why , go bother someone else .
deleted
all smart people are left of center , because history has shown again and again that the left was correct and the right was wrong . the right supported slavery and jim crow and states rights to those things , and banning gay people from being teachers and getting married . the right are just people with no empathy .
& gt ; considering that law enforcement does exactly that , you 're in luck . i wo n't be posting news articles on each attack , but they 're easy to find and they have wikipedia pages with citations you can investigate yourself so you do n't answer my question and basically just `` look it up yourself '' me . okay , i 'm done here .
idk if a formal complaint is gon na do anything to a guy who was willing to run away to an armed militia in another state
how many kids have to die ?
she got nepoted to power .
deleted
govt is literally legitimized violence . that ’ s what it is by definition . pointing this out is not a defense of nk .
well , when you combine the most popular `` news '' channel specifically designed as the propaganda wing of the gop with an average viewer age of 68 , with the longterm effects of childhood consumption of leaded gasoline fumes , with the largest voting demographic being 60+ and second largest generation being apathetic to voting , then throw in the most effective weaponized propaganda machine ever designed literally designed and built around influencing the minds of the boomer generation ... this is what you get .
removed
she needs to tall that to melania sorry i meant melanie
so if a child molester helps heal other abuse victims he can go to town on other kids ? cause in your mind good deeds cancel bad deeds ?
it ’ s not really flaming if she ’ s just stating the obvious .
removed
how many kids have to die ?
simple , just follows the bribes or the blackmail . he solicited , and they threw some change at the whore . as long as it damages the country his pimp lets him bumble .
uh oh
hey i want to point out that you do n't need a tinfoil hat . that 's exactly what is happening . experts have been saying for several years that america is sliding headfirst into authoritarianism . every single red flag is being raised , it 's like clockwork .
deep rick & amp ; morty cut right there
atrocities executed by any country should be condemned , this is true . north korea is horrible , this is also true . but if you 're not trying to be a relativist by bringing up the former in comparison to the latter , then what is he trying to do here ? and even if you are , the takeaway from the point is that other countries should also be held to account not to try to deflect away from north korea for whatever reason you have .
oh ffs . right ... .
yes really , stop using reddit to gauge reality . & gt ; when you have to distort reality to try to smear a guy , you 're too far gone . see ? threads ? ! ? !
its been a really great vibe in nyc the last few days .
i wonder if the russians have gotten to her as well . under whatever guise that is . we are being outpaced in the pressure game by putin and his cronies . we need to strike back with definitive force whatever the case may be
& gt ; “ hey come here we ’ ll treat you right ” that 's a founding principle of the united states . that 's how you become a superpower and the center for technology and education , because every talented person wants to join in a nation that fundamentally works for all . & gt ; we ’ ll need to spend more money that 's what money is for . `` spending '' is also called `` investing '' . it 's an investment into all the benefits i laid out above . & gt ; congress doesn ’ t wan na fund the detention centers you do n't understand the situation . some members of congress do n't want to stuff money in the pockets of trump 's friends . they are profiting on the detainment of children by refusing to provide basics while demanding congress puts up billions . years ago , others suggested they could just hire more judges to speed up the processing , cheaper and more effective than troops marching around as a stunt . and they fail to have a system for reuniting families . why do you want to pay them for colossally fucking up ? they 're literally holding children hostage so rich assholes can rob america . some believe you do n't negotiate with terrorists .
but instead we 're numb to the insanity and he 'll get away with even more after this .
wait a second , how was president obama supposed to commit to diplomacy with north korea without a meeting ? president obama had no desire to meet kim ? was president obama trying to negotiate peace with north korea or not ? what was his strategy ?
... eww
being stumped requires thinking , evaluation and the ability to admit when you evaluate that you do n't know something . he ca n't do this . he just guesses at any questions given to him and says whatever he thinks sounds good .
he stopped letting iran screw us in obama 's crappy nuke deal . china can no longer take advantage of us through unfair trade practices . the economy is at full employment , wages are up faster than at any point in 20 years , and gdp is finally over 3 % . no one is being tortured . no one . what a pathetic lie .
if it ain ’ t american famous , then it ain ’ t mainstream 🤷‍♂️
ever heard of the cia or the reagan administration ?
but , did you ignore that she says “ yeah ” to ivanka ’ s comment .
yeah . seriously . no one 's asking 9/11 responders if they think terrorism is cool in some cases
holy fuck that is the least funny shit i ’ ve seen in a while and i agree that carlson is a piece of shit .
& gt ; mlk had all but dropped his focus on racism . not true . came to memphis to support black sanitation workers . he never stopped focusing on racism . he expanded his gaze , he did n't just shift it . & gt ; it would have happened 20 years earlier um . you know the montgomery bus boycott was in 1955 , right ? that was when he burst onto the national scene . in 1948 your `` 20 years earlier '' , king was fresh out of morehouse and was just entering divinity school . the government did n't know who he was . at least try to come with your facts straight if you wan na have this discussion .
& gt ; which is the majority of voters . damn . you are stuck in the past if you think it ’ s as simple as this . i suspect that you are willfully choosing to not understand this . it ’ s all there right in front of you if you ’ re being genuine . but honestly , i believe you ’ re arguing to defend him/just to argue , rather than talking in good faith and trying to get a beat on why he ’ s just so unlikable . which tbh , is not my problem . so i ’ m out .
how many innocent people are killed by drunk drivers every year ? how many people are killed or assaulted from alcohol related violence ? quite a few .
i was about to ask how cruz can be considered new blood
corporate msm is n't too thrilled about `` feeling the bern '' either .
thank you . it ’ s like pulling teeth getting people to admit that some things are pretty fascist . especially statements like this from carlson .
there was the ... & gt ; dick size competition . & gt ; the musings over whether megan kelly was menstruating . & gt ; the theories about how ted cruz 's father was involved in the kennedy assassination & gt ; how the current secretary for housing and urban development tried to stab somebody , how he 'd hit someone over the head with a padlock , and how he tried to hit his mother with a hammer . & gt ; how `` they should n't spill the beans over ted 's wife '' & gt ; saying ronald reagan endlessly & gt ; ted cruz eating bacon off a gun barrel . & gt ; carly fiorina being called a `` horseface '' . among endless others that i ca n't even remember .
ivanka is pretty unqualified so is the former bartender
nice ! good to see you 're active in the fight in north carolina . i 'm guessing that this means you 're in or close to mecklenburg county ... what 's the political scene like there ? i think the activists there are hellbent on flipping nc09 on the special , and i think they 'll succeed this time around .
deleted
and ? they broke the law and were arrested , how is this news or political ?
& gt ; sometimes you have to kill citizens in what way is this not a defense with the context on totalitarian north korea ?
& gt ; but t_d is full of racist extremists yea it 's the internet and people can make accounts as fast as they want . every political subreddit has the exact same amount of extremists so it plays directly into t_ds victim complex when they 're quarantined and others are n't . also works to radicalize people more because they feel persecuted . also , i ’ m not saying don ’ t be a liberal but don ’ t be a part of r/politics leftist degeneracy . both sides are exactly the same .
sure he cares that the vote rigging on his behalf be able to take place .
hey i need motivation to watch latest season , i got 3 eps in and never went back am i missing out ...
right ... the one that not only went through college and got the degree , but did it cum laude . clearly did n't understand the material nor apply herself . /s
... and children were n't removed from their parents in 90 % of the cases reviewed , nor were they allowed to be held for more than 20 days .
i assume you mean fluffer ... but i dont see her father in that circle .
and they all beat trump . get fucked , clownhall .
i 'm sure the precise airstrike on that hospital in kunduz was a mistake
to be fair you do n't even have a clear memory of what happened . jk you have an agenda and want to rewrite history .
that ’ s hilarious , but i doubt trump has any say in which checks get cashed . that was just some ar accountant doing their job .
removed
is n't it illegal to write books that allow you to profit off of your crimes ? she better write fast .
i 'm not going into it because , as i said from the start , this is a red herring that does nothing but distract from the original topic , and you have done so only because you have no counterpoints to anything i 've said . so , you wan na discuss ubi vs. alternatives ? cool . otherwise , i 'm good .
so , there goes most of the constitution ... genius argument .
it 's the first steps in fundamentally reshaping our society as one that frees people of the burden of supporting the wealthy through our labors . the whole reason this amount of debt exists is so that the federal oligarchy we are living in has funds to tap into to fund the super wealthy and their addiction to money . a flat out forgiveness sends a message that no more will our money be funneled through the layers of bureacracy into the eventual hands of the wealthy by a debt burden most americans will not ever be out from under . its how we tell the people at the top that our lives matter just as much . i might be broke but that is n't an indicator of the person i am or whether or not i deserve happiness . our current society is one that punishes people for seeking knowledge instead of encouraging it . ending student debt is how we encourage people to go get smarter so they can help the world and make it a better place for everyone .
& gt ; it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . tucker carlson
deleted
removed
or he could have stood up for racial justice 5 years ago so he wouldnt have a crisis today . instead he fired the black chief of police .
she mandated the officers under her authority wear body cams . first in the state . she ’ ll have to explain her opinion on why she commented that all law enforcement agencies in the state should not be forced to do the same . i ’ m not finding evidence that any prosecutor went after high ranking corporate officials . not saying it will not be an issue during the debates it will and should be . but i can see several ways she can deal with that also . i ’ m not saying she doesn ’ t have issues needing to be addressed . i ’ m just saying strategically , being tagged as being too conservative or corporate in some of her past decisions is not going to be a critical fault that brings her down .
deleted
what a dumb fucker , his nose is so far up trumps ass , i just don ’ t understand it . i don ’ t get how they go home and sleep at night , like “ i just defended kim jong un and general murder and oppression on live tv in front of millions of people , yep ” i feel bad for his family , can you imagine watching your father or husband getting on live tv and saying shit like this ?
i ’ m saying i agree the wall is ineffective in stopping illegal immigration , but you don ’ t even oppose illegal immigration anyway so you ’ re arguing in bad faith .
who did n't expect the apprentice to do this ?
i did 16 hours ever semester which was generally 5 classes with an extra lab once a week .
removed
so woke bruh
irresponsible `` journalism '' . implying trump has any motivation beyond personal gain is simply absurd .
they need to take off the gloves in the impeachment talks .
i fear americans are too apathetic for that . as much as it kills me to say . i think we prioritize comfort over doing the right thing pretty frequently
deleted
& gt ; where the system has been completely perverted to ensure that money flows extremely efficiently to those at the top . capitalism has n't been perverted . it 's working exactly as designed .
leading a country means allowing some people to die because of their own choices . it does not mean you must kill others or order the deaths of others .
any paycheck they get will have income tax taken out .
deleted
yeah , i thought for a while that carlson might have some liberal views also .
oh please if every single sanders supporter had voted for her in the general election trump might not be president now i only say 'might ' because of the likely vote rigging .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
what in the name of god has happened to the republican party ?
deleted
you 're absolutely right . but you have to remember that the internet left is really different from the left in the country as a whole and really really different from the average voter .
removed
pfft , that 's only if you use the progressive fake news definition of genocide . they are n't literally killing millions of people from a specific ethnic group or anything , just a few , so what are you talking about
just bring it up for a vote again . they will get real tired of running off time after time .
& gt ; “ carter was the least violent of american presidents but he did things which i think would certainly fall under nuremberg provisions , ” said noam chomsky . much like nobel peaceprize winner barack obama 30 years later , carter was an advocate of human rights in the abstract , but of repression and imposition of power through violence in practice . and jimmy carter was certainly no angel .
good point he made however class it up a little potty mouth booker !
wrong on all counts .
yeah i mean he doesn ’ t even crack my top five choices but he ’ s got some really cool ideas . i don ’ t know much about him at all . i ’ m not saying he should be president . i ’ m just saying we have a really unique and eclectic spread this year and it ’ s neat to be exposed to different ideas
deleted
she is a natural grifter , you can not assume she is a decent person . she was in charge of money laundering for the family in some ex soviet country . “ maybe she just doesn ’ t know it. ” lol . edit : formatting .
first it 's really dickish to take things out of context . like blatantly to . but whatever second , i backed up my claims and you moved the goalposts afterwards . i 'm not gon na spend all night proving someone wrong who will immediately dismiss it anyways
making 600k for nbc doing no show work ? `` working '' for the clinton foundation ? hobknobbing around with ivanka trump and george soro 's family for years ? sorry bud , they are all the same .
does that make bernie that orlando bloom character ?
deleted
the press is really running cover for the gop by pretending they have any interest in the nation 's health
is your bias showing ? sounds like you want child molesters to go free ? why is that important to you ?
lol you would think that for someone who calls yang supporters bots , she can try to act like one herself . maybe she needs to learn to initiate propper discussions and not come off like an asshole .
jesse , stfu and stay out of it . please
is this about the fantasy world she lives in where she 's a major political player who is taken seriously on the world stage ?
he ’ s copied the strategy of strong men and fascists . he ’ s consistently also normalized a plan for him to stay in office forever . not original and focus tested by bannon , theocratic christians , and the several antiimmigration groups leading trump by the nose . if you think there ’ s zero plan , you ’ re not paying attention . it ’ s a dumb plan , but very consistent .
can you give me arguments for that ? i 'm interested in getting ammunition but i 'm not really an expert on constitutional interpretation
i think they mean the us constitution . the quoted reasoning because it initially didn ’ t have the bill of rights . at least per wiki :
the weirdest part of it to me , was the other person that cashed the 13 cent check . adnan khashoggi , jamal khashoggi was his nephew .
& gt ; nothing but distract from the original topic and as i just told you , there was no `` original topic . '' once again , you 're lying . yang 's views on trump were a part of this conversation from the beginning . if you had wanted to focus on ubi and not address yang 's views on trump , then you should n't have addressed my comments on yang 's views on trump .
& gt ; apr 12 , 2019 an out of date puff piece on the empty husk .
removed
how do you think diplomacy with hostile rogue nations works exactly ?
you 're a shitty fucking pig
he also had the shit beat out of him and is in the hospital with brain bleed . where the hell have you been ?
i ’ m definitely one who has been woken up by trump ’ s horrid behavior . i ’ m antirepublican for life now . one thing to consider , warren considers herself the intellectual backbone of ows . i haven ’ t checked much into the validity of that but i see in her , for other reasons , the best real chance for change . just wanted to throw that out there .
i mean ... it was only the one event , and it was kind of a wine and cheese and look a few politicians ! night that a relatively wealthy relative got invited to . i do n't know if that 's exactly `` active '' . since then i 've just knocked on a few doors in the neighborhood and passed out a couple of their flyers .
clown brings his daughter , who does that ?
deleted
the nordic model is n't socialist .
i agree that she was n't good enough , but it was her personality , not her performance .
i want to say it only passed in 2017
reddit certainly didn ’ t .
that very last line , `` ... will not let the left wing , destroy trump media '' . the first part is a bit mumbled and i might not have heard him correctly , but `` trump media '' really ?
there are federal statutes that would be applicable still though
how does it defend trump ?
removed
removed
deleted
deleted
removed
deleted
or like the vast majority of scientists believing in and wanting to stop the impending climate catastrophe . it ’ s all out of greed and self interest . do away with higher learning because you can get a job as a doctor or scientist or whatever without a proper education. , . just go into that field at a younger age and wing it . brilliant .
i apologize then . to me it seemed like you are more interested with impugning andy 's character/profession with baseless accusations and pointing out how he maybe profiting from this attack , rather than being concerned about a group of people beating up a photo journalist for most likely doing his job . sorry if my prejudices or view of your perspective was predicated on my interpretation of your priorities with this situation .
deleted
a few hundred million people 's `` pointless '' is a few oligarchs ' profit .
that ’ s not how this works . admit you can ’ t prove your own argument .
here ’ s some info .
very good point
tim ryan also mixed up the taliban with al queda in the debate he was in so there 's that .
here 's my game plan : 1 . get my graduate stem degree . 2 . move to a different country . fuck all this .
she has no business even being there . it 's a place for world leaders to negotiate and share their concerns , not get distracted by handbag designer floozies .
deleted
ohhh yeaaa ... if we were , then why does this list exist ? 1 . imagine if obama asked iran to hack the rnc . 2 . imagine if obama ignored the reports of our intelligence agencies that iran was heavily involved in our election process . 3 . imagine if obama said he trusted hassan rouhani over the nsa , cia and fbi on a global stage . 4 . imagine if obama had a meeting with hassan rouhani where he took his interpreter ’ s notes and ordered him not to disclose what he heard to anyone . 5 . imagine if obama was building an obama tower in iran after lying about it . 6 . imagine if obama had iranian intelligence in the oval office without the us press after he fired the fbi director for looking into his ties to iran . 7 . imagine if obama ’ s administration reversed 25 national security clearance denials . 8 . imagine if obama ’ s administration reversed the denial of sasha and malia ’ s national security clearances . 9 . imagine if obama hired malia for an unspecified job in the white house . 10 . imagine if obama made sexual comments about his daughters , and even suggested that if they weren ’ t related , he would date them . 11 . imagine if obama ’ s personal lawyer was the deputy finance chairman of the democratic national committee . 12 . imagine if obama paid off a porn star during his run for presidency to keep her quiet about an affair from years before while his 3rd wife was taking care of his 5th child . 13 . imagine if obama and rachel maddow talked every evening . 14 . imagine if they shared the same lawyer . 15 . imagine if obama took rachel maddow to meet with kim jong un . 16 . imagine if obama bragged that being a congressman allowed him to “ grab ‘ em by the pussy . you could do anything. ” 17 . imagine if obama ’ s secretary of labor covered up underage sex trafficking for a california multimillionaire whom obama knew for 15 years and said of him , “ terrific guy . he ’ s a lot of fun to be with . it is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as i do , and many of them are on the younger side . '' 18 . imagine if obama told someone to break the law and he would pardon them . 19 . imagine if obama ’ s campaign chairman was sent to federal prison for 7.5 years . 20 . imagine if obama offered to release his taxes and never did . 21 . imagine if obama claimed bush was not an american unless bush showed his birth certificate . 22 . imagine if obama ordered a very highrisk military raid that bush rejected because it was too dangerous , and it killed dozens of civilians , including an 8 yearold american girl . 23 . imagine if obama sent troops to the northern border in order to help him campaign for the midterm . 24 . imagine if obama declared a national emergency to secure funding to build a wall on the uscanada border . 25 . imagine if obama claimed “ victory '' after eric holder got a report from a special counsel on possible crimes obama committed , made a public release saying “ the report does not exonerate him , but i myself have looked at the evidence and exonerate him , ” and then told congress that he will not share the full report with congress . 26 . imagine if obama said “ oh my god . this is terrible . this is the end of my presidency . i ’ m fucked , ” after eric holder recused himself and told obama a special counsel was investigating him . 27 . imagine if obama said he would head to the supreme court if the republicans tried to impeach him . 28 . imagine if obama sold weapons to afghanistan after they were “ suspected ” of torturing and dismembering a us media member . 29 . imagine if obama sided with ali khamenei against mitt romney . 30 . imagine if obama said “ make america great again . ”
i asked all these questions to highlight that you were blindly ignorant of at least one answer . every democratic president since regean has reduced the deficit and every republican has expanded it . it isnt a particularly important political matter anyway , but why would you pretend to care about it if you cant be bothered to google it ?
removed
have you ever seen her interview with fox & amp ; friends after the trump tax cuts were passed she was excited that americans could now do their taxes on a postcard was cut out of the final bill and said americans would be happy this april once they saw their tax returns . the results of the tax cut would n't be felt until the april of the next year because that 's how taxes twork it was way more cringe than her g20 meeting . i think if she was on your bar trivia team she would be of no help when it comes to history or geography .
my my first comment was perfectly clear . if you had trouble understanding it , the problem is in your end .
it was on the calendar ! ! !
imagine thinking boningno had any credibility . wow .
did n't nk remove all use of the word communism from their constitution ?
it all amounts to a more destabilized united states .
i am a big fan of warren but i truly do think biden would take trump on in debates . i think he is n't going hard against the other democrats for fear of splitting the party which is not entirely illogical .
removed
removed
it 's so strange that democrats would rather have a life long democrat as their nominee than a guy who joined the party just to run for president .
chris matthews is kind of a moron .
the original comment you posted and what i responded to was eitc was somehow better than ubi .
removed
no , she left body cams up to local communities . she argued in court againt the full statewide implementation the irony of that wo n't be lost . she 's yet to offer any rational as to her failure to bring charges . she took donations for her campaign from him . it 's a really big fucking deal .
i feel like nobody read the actual quote . it came off more edgy than death threat .
interestingly enough a lot of this came at the expense of elizabeth warren 's first debate bump . warren should have been in the 2nd debate instead of that crazy author of love .
leaders in democracies do not pay each other off ... it just does n't work that way , they push national interests , interests of industries they represent and interests of their communities . in russia , saudi arabia and other countries that trump `` likes '' , these things are done all the time . yes , the inability of us democracy to immediately shed trump indicates that the country is in deep crisis . his very election is an indication of this and the outcome of the next election is still open .
removed
there are places where you can catch 510 trout an hour . i do c & amp ; r with barbless hooks , never handle them , never have them out of the water . i purposely do n't keep any until the end of the day incase i hook one badly , then it 's dinner and drinks time . where i live this is common practice .
oh
& gt ; ‘ leading a country means killing people ’ excuse me , what the fuck ? tucker , we all know about the fifth avenue thing , you do n't need to go out and actually fucking confirm it .
the market is still negative from 17 months ago , though . they did go up briefly with the tax cut but have been flat for quite a while . the recent boom is just making up the earlier losses .
“ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world , ” from the article , it would help if ya know maybe people on here actually read past clickbait titles
it reminds me of how some politicians are labeled as `` outsiders '' even after they are voted into the us presidency . no , a us president is no longer an outsider .
killing people is always easier when you ’ re not doing it yourself . fucking cowards .
it ’ s relevant
removed
hey , that 's already better than the great majority of people that i know , and they 're democrats . trust me , you 're already making a difference in turning nc back to blue ! keep at it , and do n't sell yourself short !
removed
at first i thought it was terrifying , but now that i think of it , it ’ s probably the least stressful doomsday type scenarios out there .
never go full regime . never go full tucker .
exactly what he said . he believes that leading a country means killing people . obama killed people . trump kills people . i do n't see how anyone can disagree with this opinion . maybe op is revolted by this truth ? leading important countries seems to me to involve killing people . sure , you can lead an inconsequential country without killing anyone .
and then chamberlain was like : 'czechoslovakawat ? do n't know do n't care ' .
i no , right ?
they already have that .
“ not on the scale that the north koreans do , but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with , ” he continued. ” definitely talking about saudi arabia
i think what he meant was that no matter what choice you make , someone will die . being a leader requires a will to make the toughest decisions . but i ’ m not tucker carlson , so i don ’ t know for sure .
but you wo n't lol . these billionaires know that it will be the middle class that will be taxed the most , they 'll just continue to take advantage of loopholes like they always have . you 're being played . the aim is to destroy the middle class .
an argument could be made that this section of the oregon constitution is in violation us constitution : particularly the fourth amendment . the police can not arrest or detain someone unless a crime has taken place , or the police suspect a crime has taken place . the oregon law on compelling legislators back to the capitol is not a criminal code , and there are no criminal penalties associated with their truancy . apprehension arrest of the senators by state police could possibly be a violation of their fourth amendment rights .
99 % chance this is fake news , but even so ... the sentiment isnt wrong . leading countries does infact mean that
deleted
it 's hard to tell which part of ur statement is serious , funny or actual reality .
dude , it ’ s a conversational thought . did i say it ? no . do i think this way ? no . i ’ m just saying i don ’ t think what tucker said is what everyone is targeting it to be . or at least wasn ’ t his intention .
she 's going to write a book about all the press conferences she did n't do ? that 's going to be a lot of blank pages .
'what you 're seeing and what you 're reading is not what 's happening ' donald trump
better an antiwar reporter than a warmongering adviser .
i am very aware of what socialism is , but what you said is a complete nonsequitur . i literally did n't mention any scandinavian country , nor did i mention socialism .
well , there ’ s a tv show that gets made from all that dogooding ... not a joke , btw
look , i just described your tendency to projection . you do n't need to reiterate it for me with your very next comment .
& gt ; i ’ ve yet to see anyone be so callous as to stan for a guy who was neutral at best on segregation and write it off as “ politically expedient ” and think it was a good thing . i guess i 'm just weird . i oppose misleading attacks , yellow journalism and agitprop no matter who the subject is . & gt ; is it because you share the same age demo and it ’ s hard to see the world pass you by ? he 's twice my age , and ageism is an ugly look .
oh no . he is really gon na get it now . let 's make a special special counsel , with more mueller in it
`` i do n't even wait . and when you 're a star , they let you do it . you can do anything . grab them by the pussy . you can do anything . '' donald trump . there , thats another one .
i know . if they drop out by the end of the summer , is it too late ?
the fiction section just got a whole lot weirder .
ilikebeer is the only name i use .
i ca n't believe the xenophobe gop agenda has turned to this .
jesus , if you think this is somehow evidence that accountants are less competent now , then you ’ re infinitely dumber than the imaginary college grads living in your head . if you somehow managed to graduate college while still being this stupid , it ’ s proof that our standards have actually gotten better .
i wish there was an upside down american flag emoji
what felonies ? what serious crimes since attaining office ? the only pissant here is you who believes obnoxious made up bullshit by the radical left and far left media . you want to talk about your lovely obama or hillary ? the type of shit those two have done ?
hit with a ... complaint .
& gt ; i know without even reading says it all really .
the sickness has left the poor man delusional , he actually believes mcconnell has a conscience .
those shitty decisions of the voters are based on what information they receive from the media , so yes , the media is to blame . i 've never met and talked to clinton or trump , have you ? literally , everything we know about them is from media . so fuck yea it matters how the media at large frames and covers candidates , what questions they ask candidates , what questions they do n't ask , etc .
ca n't wait til they start doing it to pete if he ever starts leading .
is this a metaphor or reality ?
trump lying is not surprising .
removed
removed
hi ` shaldar ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : out of date : /r/politics is for current us political news and information that has been published within the the last calendar month . for example , if the date is january 29 and the article submitted was written before december 29 , then the submission is out of date . if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
that is what i was thinking too . but it turns out that this group of newspapers are all owned by one family who did not run this particular cartoon and abruptly decided they did n't want to work with this cartoonist any longer . they swear it has nothing to do with this cartoon .
they think they 're the modern kennedys . mark my words , one or all of them will run for higher office somewhere thinking that they can parlay that into a political dynasty . never mind that people loved the kennedys and despise the trumps .
so r/politics censors the comments we can read ? interesting ...
removed
it 's not too late for democrats to make noise about these atrocities .
hi ` shaldar ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : out of date : /r/politics is for current us political news and information that has been published within the the last calendar month . for example , if the date is january 29 and the article submitted was written before december 29 , then the submission is out of date . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
deleted
so ... like me at every party i ’ ve ever been to ?
i as well , and then turn around and vote for who ever is the democrat because i literally fear what trump would do given another 4 years .
i agree , one certainly does n't inexorably lead to the other . that 's the fun thing about how statistical information works . even just a few percentage points of difference is still pretty significant if it is also consistent and replicable . and i could use less words but then i would n't have been clear , and i was n't planning on writing a book about this . i said `` likely '' to avoid having to write the paragraph above . i specified longterm relationships because physical attractiveness is a much stronger factor than wealth in shortterm relationship formation . and i stuck to heterosexual relationships because i do n't have any information about how social pressures effect other types of relationships .
i kinda butchered all of the name . but i was close though . i knew it had an e it !
american president goes to their country and salutes their generals ?
removed
tucker and a news team from fox followed president trump to japan to report on the g20 . he held his show there all week , it seems normal for me that a media team would want to cover a historical event such as this one . conveniently he was already in the area so why not ?
deleted
gee , who sits on the federal bench in california ? i don ’ t know article you ’ re supposed to tel me ! that was my thought process cause i read it as a sarcastic sentence thanks to the gee
removed
trump just made the same mistake gw bush did . bush pulled out of the north korea nuclear agreement and kim jong il set off their first nuke in 2006 a few years later . now iran will pursue a nuke . dumb de dumb dumb .
true for his supporters , at least . they live in an alternate media bubble based on `` alternative facts . '' primarily made up of wingnut conspiracy blogs and youtube hucksters pimping nonsense to try and make a living off bilking rubes .
good people , thank you ! ! !
deleted
but of what ?
you didnt even need to mention helgen . `` eh hem thats anecdotal evidence '' you said a dude gets his head chopped off . uncultured swine
fine , virtually being tied is n't the same thing as being tied /s . clinton did not have a safe lead over trump , sanders did , and that should have been a massive news story . it 's pretty easy to tell why cable news suppresses news on sanders , even now that he 's in second place in 2019 ... sanders wants to go after big pharma with a sledge hammer , cable news makes their pay check off big pharma ; do n't believe me , turn on msnbc sit through some of their commercial breaks : / this entire election so far the news media has been evading sanders , well ironically ignoring that he 's shaped the 2020 democratic primary discussion . in 2016 they said sanders should drop out because his ideas were too big , now they 're saying he should drop out because everyone else has adopted his ideas . i 'm going to support the person who has fought for these ideas for decades , not the neoliberals pretending to care . warren is my second choice , she would be my first in a heart beat without sanders , but she is not the one who reshaped the democratic party platform on medicare for all .
the website literally says it is a parody . what information about joe biden is false ? why is it taking you so many responses to answer that simple question of what is lies are being said about biden ?
you think china will just sit back and allow nk to launch nukes in their backyard ? you think nk does n't know china wo n't tolerate that ? and if it is a possibility , how stupid is it to suspend us military exercises ? you think that does n't embolden them ? get real .
no , honestly , thank you . it ’ s refreshing to see someone ask for a source and actually read it with an open mind . i was kind of surprised that the first comment i saw beneath it wasn ’ t about “ the failing new york times ” or some other alternate “ fake news ” comment
they ca n't accept anything positive , they would love to see america burn if trump got the blame . meanwhile they are the ones setting the fires .
no , this was the parade for uncloseted gays .
he died for our sanders
i know a bunch of trump supporters who would be perfectly okay with a fascist regime with trump as their dictator so we ’ re not too far off ,
deleted
i 'm using this phrase the next time i want to sound crazy . the government took me away and made face feel like a blooming onion the left side of my brain female . resist the global tyrany of the metric system !
regrettably , being daughter of the founder/owner of a business appears to qualify her for leadership post . which proves trump is running the country as a business . whatever could go wrong ?
wtf ? looks like kim nuked the thread ...
deleted
it 's just gobbledygook . what is her policy ? what does she stand for ? ?
removed
i bet people said this about hitler too .
i dont think i would care much if obama brought his daughters . id care if they were advising , or if they were going to nk or something . just along for a visit would n't cause any harm .
this cartoon cuts straight to it . an honest job if you ask me . the paper did committed an injustice by terminating the artist .
i remember being a little kid and going to one in a mall in stlouis in the 80s . they had a jeep setup in there and all the decor was fake jungle themed , and awesome .
even if a district attorney brought charges against this guy , there is no way that a jury finds him guilty .
it ’ s because your not a fascist .
looks exactly right to me .
removed
trump weighs 239 pounds ...
he ’ s talking about north korea . they kill their own citizens like they are chewing gum .
`` electability '' is basically the left 's version of a dogwhistle word .
if our guns are taken away will be just like the jews before the holocaust . the only reason the nazis were able to capture the jews was because the jews allowed the nazis to take away their right to self defense , their right to bear arms . if we allow the government to take our guns , the government will pray on us , it will enslave us to their policies . we will be left to nothing but to comply . our fundamental rights are protected by our firearms . our freedoms ... and our lives ...
it 's pathetic . after three years of saying that donald trump and anyone who supports him is a nazi , they are now minimizing atrocities carried out by actual nazis . in three months , they 'll be talking about how auschwitz was better than these facilities because there was a pool at auschwitz there really was , but it was reserved for guards and prisoners who worked for the guards .
the only way this keeps us out of war , is that it disorganizes our military so much that we become incapable of launching an attack . of course , that only temporarily keeps us out of war , because it also means we become incapable of launching a defense .
removed
removed
booker is desperate .
hey corey , i think you can put that whip down now . that dead horse is beginning to reek ...
california has 58 counties . the vast majority of those are red . la county would be the 10th most populace state if it was a state . alpine county and sierra county have fewer than 10,000 people each .
were you born yesterday or do you honestly thing this is the beginning of the trumpdprk saga ?
removed
tell him nobody is born with a gun in their hands , either .
if only some national hero had sterilized fred trump early on and saved the whole country from the entire clan .
don ’ t forget that trump authorized a 2 million dollar payment for otto ’ s “ hospital care ” in nk .
removed
for clarity 's sake , they were mad he saluted with the coffee cup in his hand , not that we was holding it . still bullshit though
see i think trump thought this it . bolton has been around a while . with his prior stances , he probably would get assassinated . tucker just looks like a frat boy who tagged along with his daddy that they probably laugh at .
removed
deleted
where are the free speech warriors at now ?
deleted
and that killing and imprisoning those that disagree is ... just what you have to do .
deleted
fascinating . my words are right there and still you lie about them . to what purpose ? you are demonstrably wrong when someone lifts their eyeballs up .
this is my original comment . it contains 1 a critique of yang 's ubi plan , and 2 a critique of yang 's desire not to see trump impeached or prosecuted . this is your first comment responding to that . you chose to address both my ubi comment and the impeachment issue . so as i said , this was never just about ubi . there was no `` red herring . '' impeachment has been a part of the conversation from the very beginning . end of discussion .
deleted
name one other news anchor that has come out harder against the war with iran than tucker calson ? . he 's the only antivoice anchor we have , fucking tucker calson of all people , how pathetic is that . i do n't give a fuck if he should n't be there , he needs to be there .
removed
cnn and msnbc have as well . hell , markos moulitsas just when on chuck todd 's show this weekend and pretty much made this exact argument .
you said the same thing as carlson but in reverse order . this is because you both defend the state . that ’ s all he ’ s doing . he ’ s a statist defending the state .
like children..journalists ... brown people..most certainly black people ... children..
it 's not expensive to make one of those websites . it would n't surprise me if the person did it out of pocket . if it 's okay to do it to a republican , it 's okay to do it to a democrat .
is this progressive ?
we are at the beyond of beyond when it comes to this shit . netherworld you could call it . it 's kinda mind blowing . even when you look at us history . we did bad shit . we had bad/racist/narcissistic leaders at points . but the country never had the pressure of mass communication . so now the fact that they are spewing this crap out now with such negligence is the scary part . but i believe there is too much good americans too deal with this shit . people keep preaching that over the top shit about the us becoming like nazi germany . i find it far from that . as bad as this administration is it 's not nazi like . they are racist and such yes . but they are just souley trying to grab any votes . and what they do during that process is promote it . americans are tough . and it is still literally a mixing pot and will continue to grow with that . that is something the republican party is going to have to understand regardless . and if they were smart they would make money off it
no worries . hannity is his primary domestic policy and campaign advisor .
they ’ re terrified of women and even more so women of color .
i agree , it does .
other candidates are parroting bernie 's talking points because they 're now popular , but you can tell he 's the only person who actually sincerely means it when he says them . i literally trust none of them to actually implement any of the economic policies aside from maybe warren .
did you reply to the wrong comment ? i do n't understand this reply with context to the parent post .
that 's a big burden for one person to bear . i have a feeling we will get more like her in congress over the next few cycles . edit : grammar/spelling
everyone is criticizing fox for being unfair in their coverage , being trump news network , etc , which i think is a valid claim . however , networks like : cnn , msnbc , the new york times , etc , are equally as unfair and biased on the other political end . to beat up on fox as if they are unique in this regard is not true .
to be fair , she 's been willing to compromise with republicans on bills that were unpopular with the american people just to ~~please her donors~~ do her job .
so much for the republican self reliance . are there any standards you guys wo n't abandon ?
it 's more like insecurity . conservatives need somebody to look down upon typically minorities or women so that they do n't feel bad about their own personal failures . when they see a woman or minority achieving far more with their lives like obama or aoc it creates a stark contrast with their own shortcomings . consequently , they 'll elect any politician or party that promises to restore the old social order to relieve these feelings of inadequacy . lyndon b. johnson put it best : & gt ; if you can convince the lowest white man he 's better than the best colored man , he wo n't notice you 're picking his pocket . hell , give him somebody to look down on , and he 'll empty his pockets for you .
no , strengthening the regime is not a pathway to ending the regime , obviously . what a stupid thing to say .
i think the person representing you in government should understand the basics how that government operates . and this is , literally , the basics of how the government works in america . if you 're fine with it , good for you . but it 's going to be detrimental to the constituents represented by that person .
that 's some scary reading . i 'm hesitant to put it so bluntly but i ca n't help but agree with him . i had n't even read about this particular weirdness : & gt ; “ then a third assailant burst out of a wardrobe — wearing a wardrobe , ” trump said when your president makes verbals missteps like that , and has no idea it happened , i think he 's on the brink .
itt homophobia doesn ’ t exist anywhere after 2014 ! and pointing out the great strides gay americans have made in the last 5 years is disqualifying for a presidential candidate .
attention is more important than ethics or morality , i assume
and what better way to justify border deaths to the fox news audience . brilliant
the gop propping up idiots only `` hurts their chances '' if a large enough % of the gop is n't willing to accept them . the problem is that they are willing . palin was proof . trump was proof . trump did n't need the popular vote ; if they can win a primary they can become president .
she came in second in the microbiology category of the intel international science and engineering fair with a microbiology research project on the effect of antioxidants on the lifespan of the nematode c . elegans . 21 in a show of appreciation for her efforts , the mit lincoln laboratory named a small asteroid after her : 23238 ocasiocortez .
its going to be called , `` one big lie . ''
removed
i ’ m surprised that a americans would be okay with a president who supports a country that murders american citizens .
& gt ; are the people being gerrymandered to dilute their political power ? what relevance is the reason their power was diluted to whether the dilution of said power is good or bad ? & gt ; if splitting up districts to desegregate schools is n't some subtle way to screw a political party over and you 're doing it for altruistic reasons , go for it . so drawing school districts to keep to disadvantage a political party is bad , but doing it to disadvantage a race , religion , economic class , etc is ok ?
fake news
this is the best tl ; dr i could make , original reduced by 88 % . i 'm a bot & gt ; new york exuberant crowds carrying rainbow colors filled new york city streets sunday for one of the largest pride parades in the history of the gayrights movement , a dazzling celebration of the 50th anniversary of the infamous police raid on the stonewall inn . & gt ; san francisco pride declined to revoke the sponsorship or remove the company from the parade , but pride officials said the google critics could protest the company & amp ; # 039 ; s policies as part of the parade & amp ; # 039 ; s & amp ; quot ; resistance contingent . '' & gt ; the larger new york pride parade had 677 contingents , including community groups , major corporations and cast members from fx & amp ; # 039 ; s & amp ; quot ; pose. & amp ; quot ; organizers expected at least 150,000 people to march , with hundreds of thousands more lining the streets to watch . extended summary | faq | feedback | top keywords : parade^ # 1 pride^ # 2 new^ # 3 police^ # 4 people^ # 5
think what the terrorists could do if they could see what the lines looked like going into customs !
he 's extremely electable though
things that happened are news
kudos to being someone who gets it . i worry that normalizing killing people as everyday government work is just a stepping stone . we 're already actively incarcerating refugees and provoking war with iran , we 're just placating the populous preemptively so that when the body count rises we can treat it as business as usual . it 's terrifying . o7
this kind of rhetoric should be so unacceptable but here we are . i always knew “ history repeats itself ” was correct but i never thought i would experience it .
this is offensive and an outrage
removed
obama did n't suck kim 's dick ... that 's for sure . maybe he meant that .
emotional hysteria in the comments section aside , why is this even news worthy . if you read the article past the headline what he actually said was pretty sensible . the neuroticism of the left , fuelled by clickbait headlines .
as a democrat i can confirm i am responsible for a whole lot of conservative 's problems . a few months ago i hit southern iowa with torrential flooding and a lot of it is still underwater . then a few days ago i had a bright idea and figured , hey , let 's take the parts of the state that are n't underwater and hit them with a scorching heat wave . later in the year i 'll spring an early winter on all the farmers and ruin their chances for a late harvest . i love my sorosbrand weather control machine .
& gt ; ... the proud boys , a rightwing , protrump fraternity and drinking club . his description of the proud boys . odd that in the article he is calling out a woman attacked who raised $ 10,000 through gofundme , and here he is raising $ 100,000 for getting milkshaked , himself .
i love the conspiracy guys who see nothing at all interesting in massive corruption like this . millions funneled to shady companies and close friends ? nothing to see here folks , move along . hilarious 4chan troll that claims to have the inside track on the deep state but is easily proven wrong ? sign them up for newsletters !
deleted
8.3 % is not virtually tied . but keep making stuff up .
removed
no , because mcconnell has a very , very long and well known race relations record that contradicts any civil rights support
it will always be craig kilborn ’ s chair to me ! rip 5 questions
employee turnover :
but you ’ re making the argument that clinton received these positions based solely on her own merits and not nepotism . whataboutism and pointing out ivanka trump ’ s dubious qualifications is a red herring to defend the indefensible .
he only missed by 1 zero . not bad for an old guy
good luck with trump then .
amen
boston university boston college is a different school
state media
“ not on the scale north koreans do ” uh ok
i think they 're both dumb . maybe not a popular opinion
republicans are responsible for 100 % of the national debt
what is it about infringing on a protected right that you consider `` noble '' ?
how was it perfectly clear . what part exactly implied you were excluding the us , and how ? ... i 'll wait
he 'll come up with bizarre and unacceptable preconditions for his participation , and then blame democrats as being unreasonable when they try to negotiate a compromise . he 'll cancel and make the democrats the bad guy .
yes .
removed
removed
continue , please . you have clearly illustrated what so many of us already know . it 's the men behind the curtain . it 's the secret handshake mother fuckers . it 's the control freaks . it 's our own damn fault . what we need are tangible solutions to wrest the power from the lawyers and politicians . the problem has become bigger than any one of us . we have been played on so many levels . it took awhile to scroll through all the vile to reach your comment . i 'm at a loss for answers . we have been hijacked , and well before i was even born . civil unrest would lead to martial law . our votes go to a dog and pony show with no one worth voting for ; settling for the lesser of evils is not the answer . our media is not objective , and it carries agendas , all this in spite of wider means to communicate . at the individual level , we are sullied into our comfort zones . humans manipulate ; the human condition has brought us here .
chamberlain was also critical part of high command and the war effort planning despite losing the pmship believe it was well documented he was a great asset during the war
so is being a bartender a qualification ?
kim jong un is a fascist period . keep trying to argue yourself out of a dumb comment .
true . or sterilized him while young . honestly , if af1 went down , i would just want it to go down with every single member of that family on it , regardless of age .
he just argued in favor of states rights last week , on national tv , while lecturing a black women who was personally affected by his policies .
this was the shit . as well as the gaming tutorials he made back then . game dude or something . so good
who else is gon na help get trump elected if bernie is n't in the race to turn his supporters against the democratic front runner ... they do n't have james comey this time .
that string of comments brought me hope , and it makes me sad they were all deleted . glad i got to read most of them earlier .
removed
you ca n't defend your argument , got it .
this has been a wacky year .
history is full of domestic insurgency leading to regime change and complete overthrows of government , hell , there are a couple of examples of it being attempted right now in the world , so i am not sure where you are coming from . it is considerably harder to fight a domestic insurgency than it is trying to battle one from afar as we have in the recent military adventures . recruiting troops from the same people you are trying to forcibly control makes for a blue on blue nightmare . you add in being able to coerce or influence your existing forces through family members and it gets even worse . on top of that , you have to consider the logistics of your supply and transport chains starting in the same areas you are trying to operate in . it really is a nightmare . recent history abroad shows that desperate people with bare minimum arms and training can wage a very effective insurgency that is almost impossible to effectively counter regardless of technological or financial advantage . this is not opinion , this is a fact . making a statement about tiananmen square in light of the battle of grozny is also a fallacy . poorly equipped and trained militias can do very well against armored units in an urban environment . i agree that `` wolverines '' militia fantasy is a pipe dream , but not because it would not be effective , it really could go either way . if you are really interested in this topic there have been several very good books put out recently on the subject , both actual military publications and some commanders observations put to pen .
it became a bunch of people inserting the phrase `` killing people '' into folksy aphorisms , and the moderators decided that people were having too much fun .
because everyone should have access to a good education . the cost of a degree is predatory at this point . k12 obviously needs more funding which is the point of my first comment . trade and vocational schools do n't give us a ton of crucial jobs like doctors either but they have their place and are much cheaper than 4 year universities anyway so i do n't see your point . forgiving these loans would allow the money to enter the economy again as opposed to sitting in some fatcat 's bank account gaining interest for eternity . nobody should be $ 100k+ in the hole for a degree that is practically required to live in certain areas .
i watch fox every day in the gym . it helps me go faster . it only took a few days to realize that whenever anything bad happened to trump , fox would n't report it that day . all the other channels would report it as news , but fox would wait a full day to report it . it was blatantly clear that they were waiting for talking points from management and the white house .
none of our candidates are racist ! they ’ re all spectacular people . i think we as a party and as americans need to reconsider exactly what “ someone actually suited to the office ” looks like . we need to be reeducated and reminded how our own government operates , that seems to be uncommon knowledge even among professionals in politics .
removed
they are violent don ’ t make them angry
deleted
is this for reals ?
trying to dox me for my activism ? nice try
removed
oh man , heather heyer died dude when a right wing terrorist murdered her and injured a ton of others . how mad did that make you ? right wing terrorists are a real problem . hope you ’ ve been paying attention .
removed
at least veruca is described as cute and pretty . ivanka has her father 's pig face layout on it
i am not fucked up and i can say with confidence he was fucked up when he said that
ca n't make omelets without killing a few people .
boo not cool
`` now , i 'll tell you , i 'm good at that so , you know , i 've always taken in money . i like money . i 'm very greedy . i 'm a greedy person . i should n't tell you that , i 'm a greedy i 've always been greedy . i love money , right ? ''
so who paid for tucker 's trip ? was it the taxpayers ? it 's the least concerning thing about this whole dumpster fire , but did we really just pay for tucker carlson to take a field trip to nk with daddy trump ? is that even legal ?
bush once saluted with a dog in his lap . they were surprisingly silent on that one /s
good find for a nonlawyer ! thank you for bringing that statute up , especially in light of the downvoters who downvote simply because they do n't like the law or lack thereof and want to get a dig against rosencrantz , who is simply trying to inform people so they have a better understanding of the situation . harassment might be the closest crime here but it 's still no cigar . based on the parts of harassment you cited i 'm assuming you mean subsection 1 c . you also cited 4 c d but that 's just for the crime level ; it 's not about elements of the crime . full disclosure : i think that 1 c might 've been added after my time in the crim world . i do n't recall charging that subsection , nor do i recall arresting anyone for it . following are some of the reasons why harassment 's 1 c is n't satisfied here : it requires telephonic , electronic or written threat . i have n't read everything about the situation but i did n't read anything about a telephone call or writing . that leaves an electronic threat . i saw boquist be interviewed and relay the threat , but is a video an `` electronic threat '' under 7 a ? that 's a big hurdle because it 's unclear . even assuming this is an `` electronic threat '' , boquist did n't convey an electronic threat . he did n't make or transmit the video . someone else recorded it and someone else distributed it . the statute says boquist must have conveyed the electronic threat . he did n't . who is the victim ? the action must subject another to alarm . who is the alarmed person ? the threat was n't directed at a person it was directed at osp troopers in general . crimes need victims , and specific victims at that . without a victim for harassment , there 's no crime . there also must be alarm . was a specific person to whom the action was directed actually alarmed ? without someone experiencing actual alarm , there 's no crime here . 1 c might be unconstitutional even if the elements are satisfied . multiple parts of the harassment statute have been found unconstitutional . this is mainly because oregon has what is commonly believed to be the most expansive free speech clause of any state constitution , and that clause has decimated the harassment statute over the decades , as have problems of being vague and overbroad . check out the annotations on the statute . it 's an unconstitutional wasteland . the threat must be genuine . a chestpuffing threat without more does n't satisfy the threat requirement . in fact , there 's a case out there saying that not following through on the threat can be a reason for the threat being empty and therefore not a threat that would satisfy the statute . yes , not following through on the threat can be evidence that the threat does n't constitute a crime . nobody wants to bring charges if they think they 're going to lose . that 's because winning emboldens jerks like boquist while wasting scarce government resources that could be used to actually punish criminals . so there are some reasons why it is n't harassment . some of those reasons are arguable but arguable reasons are big impediments to convictions , which means big impediments to charging . but some of those reasons are plain deal killers . i 'm a bit short time and did n't provide citations . if you 'd like something cited , please just ask and i 'll provide it , though it 'll be tomorrow . i hope my response gives you more insight and i really appreciate you citing a statute and asking a respectful question that furthers the conversation . these are the types of discussions that help folks understand the legal issues better , which is the point of my post . hopefully my explanation also helps inform the reactionary downvoters and others who think the law magically comports with their desires of how they think the law should be .
we have the military . why do n't we help mexico solve their cartel problems ? boom , no more immigrant problem , and probably cheaper than the cruel and stupid system being used to oppress them . these people are just trying to survive .
clinton , obama , even bush are now kicking themselves i should have declared executive immunity on everything , then i could do anything i wanted ! if obama did that during the fast and furious or the benghazi investigations , the republicans would be shouting as loud as they could . the hypocrisy is incredible .
laws made by corrupt politicians deserve to be protested . remember this part from the first amendment : `` ... the right to peaceably assemble , or the right to petition the government for redress of grievances. `` never again . not just words .
true but the right is to be able to own and bear them , not be provided with one , right ?
who 's killed more ? any single american president in recent history or all north korean `` dictators '' combined ?
jesus christ this is some intense nitpicking . bernie called the dude who said it a racist . stop this .
goodness . i guess democracy really does die in darkness . i thought this sub cared about journalists ' lives and wellbeing .
removed
who dedicated their life to public service ?
too bad it probably is n't true . if it was she would have gone through with her lawsuit . she had nothing to lose and if she could prove any of it she would have .
just an archive
i think the title is a little misleading . he ’ s not defending north korea . he starts out by condemning the regime pretty strongly . i ’ m certainly no tucker fan but i think he ’ s not speaking as strongly as the article makes it seem
removed
moderators rushed into to give everyone detention .
yeah , it ’ s not like the left/democrats thrive off playing the victim role on a regular basis . /s so much irony in this comment .
depends . are you white ?
pelosi does n't seem interested in holding trump accountable . democrats should get rid of her as well .
haha i am not sure if you are strawmanning me intentionally or maybe do n't understand my post ... aoc states that `` being someone 's daughter actually isn ’ t a career qualification '' insinuating that ivanka trump is not qualified for her current role . the point of my post is to show that prior to aoc going to congress and donald being elected , ivanka trump had more career qualifications than aoc . of course ivanka trump was able to get some or all , i do n't know of those career qualifications because of who her father was . but because she went to that school/held those positions i am simply stating that her career qualifications are stronger than aoc 's . said in another way , if you were to put aoc and ivanka trump 's resumes next to each other prior to aoc congress/donald elected i think ivanka 's would be more highly sought after . not a single time have i mentioned that i admire ivanka trump . i am not interested in admiring either of these two women .
what makes you say that friend
i ’ m curious what prosperity this guy is talking about for us nonmillionaires ? i would like to get some of that !
you think there 's no other option than capitulation which you 're cheering on or provocation despite the proven fact that for around half a century the us did n't choose either of those options . there 's no reasoning with that irrational opinion .
removed
i wish every employer knew this not just daughters , all family members
yeah , not even close to a bernie supporter . in fact , i prefer biden to bernie . at least biden has some good accomplishments . but he ’ s consistently putting his foot in his mouth , per usual .
it 's the defense spending , stupid . and yes , it 's always the tax cuts too , stupid . the economic benefits of the opioid shot in the arm will be shortlived .
sure we can , especially after the way he behaved through the entire confirmation proceedings . he is nothing but a spoiled brat that is on the supreme court because of political bullshit . he is everything wrong with our political system , plus he 's a piece of shit calling itself a man . he is an embarrassment to real men everywhere , and does not deserve to be where he is . also , they did not do a real investigation on him or he would probably be in jail , which he should be now for lying to congress . you 're just defending someone because they 're republican , and that 's all kinds of fucked up .
i noticed that . too spooky .
you lost me . he paid for a vacation so he deserved to die ?
deleted
i ’ m sure ppl still made fun of gay waiters , but it wasn ’ t socially acceptable
he looks like trumps afterbirth
deleted
is that what tucker was doing up in the dmz ? a little leadership practice ?
deleted
tucker carlson should go back to being a frozen food heiress
why is everything deleted ?
head over to the east side any white dude over 50 is packing here .
removed
ok but how do you think we should deal with the problem ? i understand you think trump is going about it the wrong way and doing it for show but i ’ m genuinely curious about what you think a good solution would be .
deleted
kit kat is owned and produced globally by nestlé , with the exception of the united states , where it is made by a division of the hershey company .
you should n't be saluting while sitting down unless you 're confined to a chair ... period . you also are n't supposed to salute with something in your hand but again , it was a bs thing to have a fit over . he 's not obligated to salute them at all , it 's a courtesy
removed

and if that were the case , bernie would be extremely happy . he 's in it to change society , not to be president . hard to understand for the gop grifters , i know .
aoc was elected , remember ?
removed
the only way they know a race is close is from exit polls .
the first part is the important part : there is no provably correct way of dealing with nk . everything else after that is nonsense because they are n't rational . i can say that it is a dangerous precent to actively prop up a dictator 's propaganda machine , it 's disgusting to do nothing about murdering an american citizen , and isolation is self imposed by nk not by the us because its key to him maintaining power so there is no action the us can take which will open the country up .
can ’ t wait until the right calls them antisemite for somehow conflating republican concentration camps with those other concentration camps
so , what are your thoughts about all of these protests that are going to happen on july 2 ?
it 's licensed from nestle , so they certainly get money from it . also outside of us it 's produced by nestle .
removed
leaders in democracies can allocate funds to improve their countries . but everyone knows trump wo n't actually improve anything .
please wake up now . let it be over .
oh the irony of trump supporters calling anything a clown show .
the left has been getting smashed for 20 years ? what ?
how did biden drop so little ? we 're people not watching ?
i want it now
& gt ; no , and no it has n't . deny the evidence , gun nut . gods know you do n't care about morality .
no , because i could not quite believe it at first .
shusshh girl shush girl
trump supporters don ’ t have daddies money ... or any money .
i ’ m in no way defending the state ? ? ? ? killing citizens is bad . the government shouldn ’ t kill citizens . sometimes it does and it means they ’ re doing something wrong . nothing i said was the same as his statement .
the burden of proof is kinda on the person making the claim if they want to be taken seriously.. there ’ s so much misinformation on the internet these days it ’ s difficult to know if you can believe most things you read , even if they make sense or wouldn ’ t surprise you . my altright relative will ramble for a while about some conspiracy or how hilary has had plenty of assassinations carried out to get where she is , and when i ask for a source on that , she always responds with “ google it , there ’ s plenty of articles on the internet about it . ”
he went on to call joe a `` cad '' and a `` scoundrel of the highest order , '' becoming so worked up that he had to fan himself and call for a second mint julep
tell your uncle he wasn ’ t born with a gun , so he best be prepared to give it up . see if he changes his tune .
i just did
deleted
& gt ; hey come here and we ’ ll treat you right that is literally what america was founded on .
& gt ; commit to diplomacy with north korea without a meeting ? through these people called diplomats . we have a whole cabinet dedicated to it . read up on it , fascinating stuff !
he ’ s a very successful man . can you explain how he is unintelligent enough to say that exact quote ?
you say these things but the polls , the only metric we have , seem to indicate he has the best chance of beating donald trump in the states we need most . i ’ m not too worried about how california is going to swing
did you mean dedicated to `` owning da libs '' and shoving beer up his ass while screwing our country ?
& gt ; i also think that people who are reluctant it is not new as when people are told to pick the 'lesser of two evils ' . reluctance does not mean refusal , just that they did not appreciate then because of the context but have moved on . as for 'alternate history ' ... what if hillary had picked sanders as vp ... or even better , what if gore had pick hillary instead of lieberman ... alas , just fantasy ...
it ’ s the american way
if that was ever the strategy , everyone with any tangible assets would be broke as they increased taxes exponentially just to pay off the national debt . such a tactic is the equivalent of living paycheck to paycheck , but on a national level .
`` better things are n't possible ! ''
if they want to be a true hero and american patriot they would take in secret cameras and show the world what trump is doing .
lola from big mouth talks about the economy .
you are forgetting warren .
`` it 's the stupid , moonies ! '' oh wait , no , it 's just the stupid moonies .
i 'm sure this is n't out of context at all
& gt ; but i 've yet to see one make the front page . so ... .. you have n't checked the front page of reddit today , at all ? it 's been one of the top stories all day , currently still at the top of r/news .
i think it ’ s even worse than that . i think it ’ s misogyny but there ’ s some weird filter between fathers and their daughters . the only way a woman can be worthy of their consideration is to be the daughter of someone they agree with and respect . women clearly can not achieve respect but rather must have it bestowed upon them by the dominant sex . twisted fucks
`` meanwhile , bolton was shipped off to mongolia over the weekend. `` i briefly got excited .
wow , what next ? the first squating potus to take a shit on the oval office desk ? you know `` first '' is n't synonymous with `` good '' ?
removed
removed
& gt ; he represents obama no he does not . he was literally vp because obama needed someone that was much more conservative to balance the ticket . take out obama and it 's a conservative ticket and has nothing to do with obama beyond the superficial .
nah . he 'll drink himself into a early grave . the sooner the better .
obama killed otto and we need to unite under trump in the same sentence ...
more like a rocketassisted death plunge
typical fn talking head doublespeak nonsense . `` killing people is bad , but generally our ally governments have to kill people . '' uh , no . there are entire sets of principles and notions of morality in who we choose as our allies . to forget those principles is to forget who we are as a people , and who we purport to be to the rest of the world .
deleted
you missed the point . but glad you ’ re so angry about it .
i 've always assumed he mentioned `` fifth avenue in new york city '' as a casual example meaning `` in public '' . your interpretation is a chilling one , and i admit that might be the one day in a hundred when his standard horrific evil was not expressed in the usual stupid fashion . yes , he might have been that specific for a reason ...
we need to pass voter id laws so that russians ca n't vote .
it sure is profitable , though .
why don ’ t some people bring this shit up at debates , trump letting his kids “ meet ” with world leaders . we have people who spent who careers to get in rooms like that and trump has his kids representing our country .
hey do n't disrespect the timeless classic that is the shaka brah .
would he be volunteering as leadership fodder for the next democrat president ?
the milk you got ?
meanwhile we 're threatening iran . this is sensible , yeah .
most dictators do get along better with their own kind .
huh ? ?
he says twice t hat he 's not defending them and says the scale at which they commit atrocities is n't acceptable . you 're just trying to pick a fight
sucks to be you .
there where rumors that trump was offered a hotel in pyongyang in order for him to be part of the talks last year that the japanese and sk organized , ofc it 's all about the money fuck the people .
someone needs to invent a term for the trump/gop faithful . something serious , and not cutesy like trumpernazis or y'alqueda . once you switch out americans for germans , jews for mexicans , and nazis for ... whatever , that is the reality of today 's america . we need a serious handle for these traitors to humanity .
deleted
the entire front page of this subreddit is just different news articles about this lol
i feel like if the president is there it 's ok for the first lady to be there like the president is n't awalys a 'qualified diplomat ' so why ca n't the first lady go too but his kids being there is stupid . they have no office it turned it and reason to be there
deleted
no , it 's ensuring that the money and power are taken from `` those people '' and returned to the rightful hands of people whose boots are worth licking . rightwing politics is all about valar dohieris .
morons read townhall .
lol nah he doesn ’ t care , his private talks with foreign dictators and the inaction of the gop to stop it from happening again has already secured his reelection .
inaugurated
removed
removed
deleted
nah , there 's no appetite for it outside the far left .
all media is shit .
he 's not on the correct side of arguing for socialism . nordic model is n't socialism . he 's wrong to advocate for something other than the nordic model .
deleted
oh my god , is this idiot about to make tucker fucking carlson part of his cabinet ?
i mostly agree with you , the government should have reduced spending to pay for a tax cut . i also agree they should be getting out of the subsidy game as all it typically does is raise costs . where i disagree is that loan forgiveness will raise prices . universities will have their money , less debt means more income for the schools and more people able to attend them . people will choose the cheapest best option , so public universities will ultimately lower prices to compete .
deleted
jesus christ you are fucking dense if you think trump of all people is going to do that . i hope he succeeds . i would love to be wrong . even a broken clock is right twice a day etc etc etc .
oh , i meant like , he drugged her . hes a rapist , thats what they do .
pool reporter
the biggest factor that libertarians leaves out of their intellectual argument is greed . all it takes is a few greedy bastards out there to turn over their whole pure society based on fewer laws and less government . our damned government should be protecting us from greedy corporations , they should n't be in cahoots with them ! from defense industry assholes who are never responsible for their fuckups and lives lost to predatory lenders financially screwing over our kids when the kids are just trying to get an education , to `` fixing '' things so there 's little to no competition in many large corporations defense contractors , isps , etc . the government is in bed with the lot of them to maximize profits for a few at the expense of the many . and i 'm fucking tired of republican excuses for this , and i 'm really fucking tired of their shills at fox who say this is the best for everyone . edit : changed a word that will probably flag this post to two words that might actually get through . autobot does n't understand context .
does he know how cars work ?
nah , that was reagan . this guy could n't learn lines .
another kneeslapper from jack the ripper .
removed
it 's not state run media . it 's media run state .
that 's like straight out of the dsmv : & gt ; instability in relationships
what i see it her standing on the periphery of their circle and parroting the last few words out of may ’ s mouth while nodding . nobody responds to anything she says or even looks at her and it ’ s awkward as hell . i am sincerely hoping your own conversations go better than this .
you mean `` anyone with a conscience '' but same thing
it ’ s easy to tell when trump is telling the truth . because trump truths are pretty disturbing . after the shock and outrage , he puts on a shit eating grin and pretends it was a joke . like when he was on the view and said he wants to bang his daughter
you said the state should kill as few people as possible . that ’ s a roundabout way of saying & gt ; 0 but & lt ; nk . which is identical to carlson ’ s point . and is absolutely a defense of the state . the state should kill zero people because it is an immoral institution which ought not to exist . unless you agree with this then you are just arguing about degrees .
clownhall talking about clown shows ? not surprising really .
i guess that 's the difference between republicans and democrats . i just would n't want any campaign i supported to be involved in silly political pranks like that . and i would n't excuse it . i 'd be irritated with them for lowering the bar .
the job of the title is to accurately sketch a story
every human
picture wise , it looks like a grinning minigodzilla shaking hands with an overgrown potato .
deleted
removed
you had me at orange shitgibbon .
it was the top post there , yeah .
deleted
as if the democratic party today doesn ’ t reflect the views bernie was pushing in 2016 .
removed
so takes out joe biden , correct ? ?
and that 's from fucking cato of all places . they also rebut him on immigration issues quite frequently .
exactly what special right do you think they 're getting ?
what a tool .
removed
in a lot of other countries medical care is a public service not a commodity .
removed
very cool , very legal , no collusion ! ! ! /s
removed
well , republicans see nothing wrong with locking up kids , so ... .
i bet even as a little boy carlson dreamed of someday growing up to be joseph goebbels .
removed
ya but he clearly wasnt referring to social acceptability in seattle specifically .
he was literally referencing atrocities .
but how did you make a dvd ?
do you wilfully misunderstand how international politics and positioning functions ?
we 're friends with israel and do you want to pretend they do n't engage in human rights violation ? they basically are one . what about saudi arabia ? and honestly let 's not forget our own country please
like herself ? is she qualified ?
removed
vladimir putin is rolling on the floor laughing .
he was n't spreading disinformation . every thing on that siite is true .
i think they are very open about their partisanship . the problem is cnn is sill trying to call themselves he media when in reality they do way worse than fox ever has . such as : giving debate questions to hillary in 2016 , cutting video feeds of people that critique any democratic policies and just completely making shit up . this is why traditional media will die off .
it looked very bad . i though she was going to clap in joy at the end of one sentence . but i still think it would be unfair to select only a few seconds of an evenings ' political and economic discussions to characterize a person 's knowledge and abilities . i would like to see much more . from the few seconds shown , i could n't tell if there was really anything of substance being discussed . ivanka and the president ; is a graduate cum laude of the university of pennsylvania wharton school , and she attended georgetown university for the first two years of her university education . these are both prestigious universities , and her abilities will speak volumes . many very rich treat university degrees like this as big game trophies collected at the zoo . is this the case here ? it would be great to have a body camera capture hours of unscripted audio and video with the wharton school and georgetown university logos prominently displaced to get an honest and complete picture .
woah woah woah , just look at meghan mccain . her talent of telling us about her farther is necessary to the security of the republic .
i 'd rather he rum for president or vp and actually get voters back who left for trump . he is n't giving up a secure seat so it 's not a loss if he wins warren should stay in the senate beto and kamala or reverse would do well together
and an equal amount of people across the country sneer at this . i pity them .
deleted
eh during her time in california she was clearly rule of law & gt ; big money . she also isn ’ t accepting pac money as far as i ’ m aware
apparently this is the oath trump has had the heads of the immigration agencies take..
removed
where the fuck is your decency gop ? for how long will you step and fetch ? what do you think will be left of your party when this human grotesque you 're currently embracing is gone ?
removed
stop acting like an idiot .
wait npr did that ? that ’ s weird . i generally respect npr .
guess i 've got some research to do but that sounds pretty bad .
how many of those asylum seekers , actually qualify for asylum ? for example in 2017 only 6,609 people from north and south america were granted asylum . we 've had 132,887 apprehensions on the southern border just in may . you can call them asylum seekers but very few actually qualify . most are just ordinary economic migrants .
somewhere megan mccain felt that slap .
he sounds like mr. rogers alcoholic brother .
thanks for that global list . seems doable to avoid them .
in her office as senator she has signed on to medicare for all therefore giving a vote to it in the senate . what more support do you want ?
yeah , well nepotism is sort of a thing we ’ re not supposed to do at the highest levels of government and the fact that this is the g20 makes it all the worse . i agree that ivanka shouldn ’ t have a presence in our political discussion , i only wish her daddy the president would agree .
removed
shits coming people ! usa state sponsored media 💯
who killed more ; carter or kim ?
this sub is a fucking joke anymore .
thats it ? lol . guess imma vote for trump in 2020
i 'm only aware of the one about @ potus blocking people . has it been applied further than that ?
but they have that guy that agrees with them , the one they trot out anytime they need a friendly holocaust survivor to make them look morally right , and he says aoc is wrong . who do i believe ?
i read the article and he does not defend nk in fact we expressly condemns the regime . what he does is point out out the very real fact the counties in the west will often ally with disgusting regimes if it , suits them or a perceived greater good . maybe this act will get us peace in the korean peninsula . let 's hope it does and it helps the nk people out of poverty and oppression .
the headline is accurate . he was defending north korea 's state violence by saying leading a country literally means committing atrocities .
deleted
i would have loved to lose by less than clinton did , between you and me ... but since you say it 's inarguable i wo n't bother then , i 'll take your word for it .
please remember that she was recommended to not get a security clearance by our own government . nancy nepotism got one anyway .
& gt ; nobody in the us gives a shit about what is in the european media . speak for yourself , pal .
as to your first question , relevance should always matter when determining public policy . if i do n't know your motives , how can i be expected to make an informed decision ? as to the second question , i used the term ultruistic for a reason . if you 're not doing it for good intentions , then your reasons are selfish and that is bad .
dude , you can be against segregation and still oppose forced bussing , because it was a horrible policy that was tremendously unpopular . thinking bussing is a bad policy does not make someone racist .
what an awful , disingenuous argument to quote that without providing the context . the quote was regarding literally the worst humans and biggest mass killers in human history : `` mao , stalin , ghengis kahn , hitler , etc yet here you are ignoring the facts and trying to subvert honest discussion , just like fox news . and just like fox news , your obvious bias is shamelessly on display .
they do say that already . personally , i love watching the pubbies do a slow burn when i use the phrase 'internment camps ' instead . you can almost see the acid start to churn and foam in their tucker carlson sized stomachs ... like mentos in an open pepsi bottle ...
removed
cough kennedys , clintons , cuomos , browns , roosevelts , longs , lees cough . lol with your one sided view and failure to acknowledge how frequent it is on the left . to act like it is a gop phenomenon .
leading a country means killing people but if you wear a tan suit you are no longer presidential .
going after someone ’ s advertisers because a news anchor said something stupid on air is despicable . if this is the standard we have now for when someone fucks up publicly , then we have a dark future ahead of us . also you obviously don ’ t watch his show , he rails on north korea and kim jun un all the time . just because you read a fucking headline does not mean you know someone ’ s perspective .
did they take it to the correct department of complaints
deleted
a korean soap movie ... his father was a south korean admiral working with the united states . her father was the head of russia . it was a dance to remember that sparked a love that was forbidden ...
i would n't call bernie unnecessary , but he 's certainly not going to get the nomination . if the democrats want what bernie is selling , they 'll go warren .
aoc would get along great with the north korean dictator because they both want the same things , an absolutely powerful government and communism . at first i thought this was a joke coming from aoc , then i factored in some things .
as much as i hate tucker calson you 're right but i do n't think he 's the only reason the us is n't at war with iran or north korea . trump is an antiinterventionist , he has no intention to start a new war . i believe he hired bolton and pompeo to scare the shit out of other countries , trump has them on leash and has no intention of letting them off .
his grandfather was worse .
if only everyone could smell their own crap . & amp ; # x200b ; both sides do this every chance they get . it 's quite amazing that anyone finds this stuff surprising when it comes from `` their '' party , but is happy to jump aboard and point fingers at `` the others '' .
facepalm on the rapist thing . still 0 corroborating evidence . if you 're gon na hate someone , at least do it for valid reasons .
a great cabinet position also does the same .
are you deaf , dumb , bias or ignorant ? & amp ; # x200b ; it 's a horrendous regime and there is no defending it . those were the words he used . how you missed that baffles me .
if it ’ s someone you don ’ t like oh it means nothing . if it ’ s someone you like i ’ m sure you ’ d be happy to let everyone know their voting record 🤷🏻‍♂️
deleted
deleted
he ’ s not her constituent tho . she can block whomever she wants , afaik .
& gt ; it 's not absurd yes it is . only white people think that a black man 's race can ever be divorced from anything he does . & gt ; you ca n't argue it as a matter of fact . yes you absolutely can . & gt ; you can disconnect the two and argue that if he had a platform for reasons independent of being a civil rights leader he would still be targeted for advocating socialism you absolutely , positively 100 % can not disconnect the two . again , there 's literally no way you can divorce his race or his civil rights work from any hypothetical discussion . he would n't be who hr was without it . he would n't have had the views he had without it . look how many black leaders and activists got assassinated in the 60 's . mlk malcolm x medgar evers fred hampton ... and that does n't count the other panthers and other activists who were murdered , lynched , etc . and the white people ? jfk , rfk . see the difference ? if you 're white , you basically have to be the most powerful man on earth to get assassinated . you do n't have to be anywhere near that level to get killed if you 're black . if you 're white and talkin ' shit and stirring up trouble and leading marches , they 'll just put you in jail that 'll shut you up . but if you 're black , they got ta make an example out of you . you got ta die . stop . whitewashing . history . i 'm trying to engage you as peacefully as i can , but you need to know that what you 're saying is hurtful and dismissive , even if you do n't realize it .
removed
but then he went on to defend it . there 's no defending the antifa violence that took place in portland . but that `` journalist '' is actually a nazi and standing up to nazis sometimes means hurting some people . see what i did there ?
socialism is just democracy taken to the economic sphere . socialism is when workplaces are owned and controlled by the people who work there , rather than by private individuals with stock in ownership of the company . it means those who do the work for companies get to see the full fruit of their labor , rather than having rich people get most of the profit simply because they are wealthy enough to be able to afford investment . socialism is a good thing if you 're against lazy people profiting off the hard work of others , and are for hard working people getting the compensation they deserve .
i 'm a slasher ... of prices !
deleted
removed
you pay extra for insurance coverage in case there are issues with a botched surgery etc if you really are interested in that
not spineless . the dems are hoping that keeping trump will further damage the republican party , at whatever the cost . it also needs to be said that neither party wants it to be reasonably easy to remove a president via impeachment . they would both rather there were as few examples of precedent as possible . if trump were removed immediately , pence could theoretically stabilize the gop enough for their base and even moderates to pretend that nothing happened because idiots , and there 's too great a chance of trump actually being removed through impeachment for the dems to risk it , even for the satisfaction of destroying dragging him through it . the dems are n't afraid , they 're just willing to sacrifice national security and democracy in the hopes that they can ruin the republicans for a couple terms . it 's the opposite of governance and completely violates their purpose for existing , but their primary loyalties lie with the establishment , not voter 's , and so too are their priorities laid . that will always be true .
supports a totalitarian communist regime , but universal healthcare or education is not american ... seems legit ... my goodness , what a functional fucking tool ...
& gt ; policing content is a slippery slope . would you consider removing illegal content to be policing content ?
oh boy is this title out of context ! try again , but pick a simple theme .
what are you talking about ? how am i inferring this ? the website literally has a section header `` against gay marriage '' . lol & amp ; # x200b ; edit : do you agree that people are allowed to change their views ? if so , the facts are : in the 90 's , biden voted in support of doma in 2012 , biden as vp became the highest elected official to openly come out in support of gay marriage . given this timeline of events , is it more accurate to say that biden is for gay marriage , or against gay marriage ? now , given that the site has a biden policy header of `` against gay marriage '' backed by just the doma vote , would n't you agree that this is misleading , given his change in views ? would n't his opinion from \~7 years ago supersede his opinion from over 20 years ago ?
hopefully the koreans keep him . make him the head of their state run propaganda tv given his work with fox in usa
bernie ’ s been saying what he ’ s been saying for 30 years , now suddenly all of these people are saying those things too . maybe it ’ s because they realize his ideas are popular , so they ’ re gon na steal them from him . yet he ’ s more necessary now than ever before , because he may be the only one being honest about fighting for these things , and everyone else is just saying what they have to say to get the nomination , save warren for the most part .
i see you are a man of culture as well 👈😎👈
the `` tremendous solution '' ?
here come a bunch of comments that basically boil down to “ no u ! ”
lying to the fbi .
my comment was n't speaking to that , so i 'm not going to get into it one way or the other . i just disliked the author 's doublespeak .
if you think the republicans are already several steps into fascism , what makes you think they 'll give up power just because an election happened ? join a local militia . organize to protect your community 's vulnerable people . prep for the worst .
trump is going to have to build a few of those 'model ' concentration camps like hitler did .
we save france multiple times and they embarrass our first family . time to leave nato and tariff the eu .
removed
not after doing everything in their power to block sanders from having a fair shot at the dnc
it 's possible someone came back and altered history already , but our timeline continued in a linear fashion and their alteration caused a branched , new timeline .
deleted
they 're saying the quiet part loud again
true , but a trillion dollars in buy backs obviously has a cause and effect relationship on supply and demand .
removed
kavanaugh is dying to strike this .
not realy , especially compared to trump who 's own speech impediments have been getting worse
what a dumb gaffe . & amp ; # x200b ; the thing is , even if what he said was true and ultimately he 's on the right side of it , he 's drawing more attention to how much time he 's spending with donors while seeming to think he 's too good to campaign .
he ’ s definitely not defending north korea . and you are lying to yourself if you think any country hasn ’ t done anything wrong . he ’ s pointing out that we would be hypocritical to say that we are saints basically .
don ’ t worry . after the 4th meeting , kim will announce that he is stepping down and that north korea is going to become a capitalist democracy with open elections .
removed
anyone reading this and thinking boquist committed harassment , please read my response above for why harassment unfortunately is n't met .
ugh he ’ s so old and sucks at this .
we ca n't send phone calls to places that do n't have phones to call , maybe time machines work in the same way . time travelers might only be able to go to places in time where a working time machine can receive them .
if 1 child molester healed 1,000,000 abuse victims , yeah , they deserve a ton of credit . al gore is responsible for bringing awareness to global warming . if it had n't been for him , the conversation might not have even been started . it 's really unfortunate people voted nader in florida instead of dem . they threw their votes away in protest and it got us the iraq war .
decimucci ?
here 's the thing about microphones . you ca n't be 100 % sure they 're cut . itd be much worse to draw attention to yourself , say 'my mics cut ' and look like a fool when the volumes up again .
as true as that is , i 'm not sure we can completely dismiss the notion after just two meetings/summits . i 'm sure this kinda thing requires multiple contentions and meetings before anything definitively gets done .
that statement is sooo repub !
you said bernie opposed bussing source ?
the malhuer terrorists were rife with stolen valor , and it features prominently in milita terrorist groups because it 's a dick measuring contest . you should assume anyone involved in those groups are lying about everything , do n't hire them for anything , or leave them alone with any valuables .
& gt ; he 's twice my age , and ageism is an ugly look . so you lied then . got it .
removed
deleted
i 'll just say it . if someone killed tucker carlson that probably would n't be the worst thing in the world
by your logic , trump also is a liar and cant be trusted . but hey , i 've never met a maga slave that let something like principles get in the way of supporting their gop masters .
americans simply cant read and the media let the country down
deleted
original commenter here . thank you for the informative thread . i have no clue why you were being downvoted , especially since you have more experience in this area being from law enforcement . anyway , i hate that these politicians were using threat of violence . it ’ s unbecoming , but i ’ m obviously not as informed on the legality of their actions . thanks again .
yep as much as i hate listen to npr now , i still almost could n't believe they actually came out and said it though the signposts abound .
he not actually doing anything ... they are both there to try and make themselves seen relevant , and to try and hold on to power .
so republicans are now pro genocide . cool to know
maybe . but labor camps where people disappear ? that seems excessive and avoidable .
i know what it is , but what you said is theoretical . the proven model , which outperforms our current model by every meaningful metric , is the nordic model .
got ta start normalizing killing people as just another part of business
trump took tucker carlson to north korea ? do north koreans even eat fatty pork ... ?
deleted
i think the foxnews position is that you have to kill people to run a country .
he also paid for her to have a ton of surgery and suggested she should have a boob job .
paul ryan would totally do it . he has no principles or dignity left . and with all the wealthy donor money he 's getting , biden definitely seems like he should be able to pay .
it is political because it 's a policy of the united states government . it is news because it 's an event that happened which was deemed newsworthy , like most protests against government actions are . what point are you trying to make ?
deleted
either you 're not smart enough to understand what `` cash on hand '' means , or you 're a devoted troll .
fucking a. i imagine they were n't academically quibbling over the meaning of `` concentration camp . '' they moved beyond the nonsense and made their positions known . thats patriotism .
after bill clinton 's election when chelsea was 12 years old rush limbaugh switched chelsea 's photo with a photo of `` the white house dog '' bush 's dog millie . the episode was well publicized by the ensuing controversy . so , ben garrison does n't get any points for originality .
whoops , missed a word and misspelled another . fixed .
removed
i loved that thread . it seemed non offensive , jeez give us a little pleasure here .
& gt ; do my kids count as a small , controlled environment ? no & gt ; simulations ... ... are nice and all , but nothing can simulate human behavior reliably . do n't fuck with people 's lives until you 've demonstrated on a smaller scale that it definitely works .
classic tucker `` roombafucker '' carlson
no , he literally said all white people are inherently racist . i disagree .
sorry bud but that ’ s totally false . saudi arabia is routinely touted as an ‘ ally ’ . it ’ s got zilch to do with that and everything to do with interests aligning .
`` we '' heh .
education is an investment . it is proven to return the money spent on it and more for society . there 's no reason not to fully fund education in all forms , 4 year degrees , vocationam training etc . it 's always a net positive for societies .
what 's french for , `` who invited the trailer trash ? ''
a tragedy to be sure , but what outcome is there when two opposing terrorist groups meet ? the fault lies with the police entirely . as soon as the two groups attempted to comingle , the police should 've kettled them and used rubber bullets to subdue the groups .
oh it ’ s politics nvm
you can pretty much just go ahead and edit that `` now '' out of there .
& gt ; the final autopsy report proved that warmbier 's family lied their asses off . otto warmbier was n't autopsied at all . the only thing he had was an external examination , and the examiner 's statements about it were that `` we don ’ t know enough about what happened to otto … to draw any concrete conclusions . ''
i do n't believe anyone `` won '' the cold war ; the ussr collapsed under its own corruption , much as america is working towards . we also let russia destroy and corrupt multiple other countries and did fuckall about it in the end . hi , north korea ! in any case , none of that is any excuse to keep acting like a warmongering imperial world bully .
fox news : `` liberals are communists who hate america ! '' fox news : `` we should be more like north korea . '' & amp ; # x200b ; fox news is where logic , reason , consistency , and human decency go to die .
so the one child whos abused gets no justice ? and has to feel hopeless ? if it was your kid , is that what you tell them ?
why is it that i have such a hard time not calling him “ fucker ” instead of “ tucker ” ?
again , a few republicans so on trump 's dick that they 'll follow him down any stupid path he goes , not reflective of america 's geopolitical stance or our alignment . the fact that russia ran a successful propaganda campaign to influence our election , president , and some of our citizens is not proof of friendship but is in fact exactly the kind of hostile action i 'm talking about .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
being 24 and calling yourself politically active but not having any idea about obama ’ s fairly well documented opinion of joe biden doesn ’ t have much to do with what was on the news 12 years ago .
trying to have a reasoned discussion rather than shooting from the hip is why we lost ? ... actually , depressingly , you may be on to something there
i ’ m arguing that people are flawed and people representing the state may or will kill people . saying you have to kill citizens is different than facing the reality of flaws . the state should kill 0 but until we get to utopia it won ’ t necessarily happen . he is literally arguing that some/many killings in north korea are just . that ’ s just not true .
i 'm betting legarde , most americans would n't know her on sight , their news only covers the puppet theatre part of politics and economics .
this guy doesn ’ t government
i would wager my net worth that 98 % of these guys are just cosplaying navy seals or clint eastwood , i.e . none of them possess any relevant skills comparable to either .
not the same but sure , why not ?
asleep at the wheel has become our national pastime .
that was entirely expected though . everyone knew a large portion of his high polling was due to name recognition , but also , a poll the day of or day after a debate is meaningless . he 's still polling at 30 % , which is a ton of support .
and i 'm sure that 's a perfectly fair characterization of what he 's saying . the warmongering left ...
deleted
except , of course , it 's only an american armageddon . china will become a world power and the rest of the world will trade with them and everyone will be fine while we turn into an evangelical mad max hell hole . then again , all the wealthy people and companies still did well after wwii . we still have mitsubishi , bmw , and coco chanel and they did n't pay the price for sucking nazi dick . edit : well , axis dick ...
it would be hilarious if next time all the world leaders bring their kids to mock the trumps .
well by definition of a candidate really inspired voters biden would lose to them so you have nothing to worry about
if he wants to win , he needs to stop creating openings for those kinds of headlines . and he really needs to stop doing it when he 's begging billionaires for money . if he wants to do that kind of events , he needs to keep them out of the spotlight . is it fair ? maybe not . is it avoidable ? yes .
that does raise an interesting question because the united states constitution itself also has a compel clause & gt ; article 1 section 5 1 : each house shall be the judge of the elections , returns and qualifications of its own members , and a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do business ; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day , and may be authorized to compel the attendance of absent members , in such manner , and under such penalties as each house may provide . if it ’ s ok for the federal constitution would it be a violation of the fourth amendment if state constitutions had it .
a lot of people making this assertion are forgetting something ... these morons would never threaten a police officer to their face . they 're cowards . so , you going into the street and doing so , yeah , the obvious would occur .
uh , yeah . if one of those 9/11 responders spent the following 18 years bombing civilian buildings , it would be reasonable to ask them , `` hey , wtf is up with you '' i assume you 're not a complete moron , so quit being coy and acting like rational exceptions are n't a normal thing
removed
broken clock , damn . juche carlson when ?
fascist governments do n't require a dictator you mong
nothing good can come out of this
accusing republicans for hypocritical actions is like ... oh , fucking hell , i 'm tired .
“ to ” is correct here . as in “ you have to sort by controversial ” .
because knowing if a gun is loaded or not before it 's too late is so easy to do . is n't in one of the 4 safety commandments etched on stone tablets by god himself always assume all firearms are loaded ?
she 's still running her own private businesses . she has no place there for that reason alone , never mind being a useless dead eyed meat sock for her dad 's fantasies ...
who pandered to everyone but the american people ? if you mean immigration specifically including illegals in the healthcare plans then listen to the arguments . treating those people at hospitals when they become deathly ill which has to be done because you do n't check for id before saving someone 's life costs everyone more than the cost of providing them with the ability to go to the doctor . it is a pragmatic measure . & amp ; # x200b ; that being said i 'd require businesses to register workers with their documentation as well as eliminating cash . that would limit it to only asylum seekers for which there are established international laws that are currently being ignored .
he must also think north korea is democratic and a republic .
it ’ s barrels all the way down .
that was a joke . also he never asked them to hack , rather if they already had them to turn them over and it was an open to other countries also not just russia . & amp ; # x200b ; donald j. trump‏verified account @ realdonaldtrump if russia or any other country or person has hillary clinton 's 33,000 illegally deleted emails , perhaps they should share them with the fbi ! 9:16 am 27 jul 2016
1 . false flag attack . 1 . emergency powers . 1 . suspend the constitution . it 's all there in the dictator 's handbook , aka history .
ding ding ding
where are your sources ?
you were right , “ too ” is wrong .
just figured i 'd be neighborly and help you out .
biden has n't been paying attention to politics since he left the senate in 2009 .
what about being a bartender who answered a casting call
deleted
leading a country means killing journalists . not on the scale russia does it , but a lot of countries murder annoying reporters and pundits , including a number we are closley allied with . 😏
yeah i ’ m not sure where exactly people are getting this and i ’ m almost 99 % positive this washington examiner article has taken whatever he said back in the 70 ’ s way out of context to make him look bad .
nothing sticks to bernie . he doesn ’ t say sorry , or try to defend himself to any large degree . he would do well against trump . he ’ s that old dude who has seen some shit , and you aren ’ t going to intimidate him . trump is scared of bernie . i absolutely guarantee it .
deleted
removed

removed
i didn ’ t see a source . post it again .
according to fire and fury she and jared decided she would run for president first and then he would after her term s . barf .
the british royal family has no political power . unfortunately for us all , donald trump does .
remember when she gave that really good speech the night she lost the election . huh ... me either . i heard she was having a melt down .
trevor is very good at making the news more bearable and connecting with people on a deep level . jon was good at telegraphing the pain of it . but trevor 's had his fire and brimstone moments , too . look at any clip from after a police shooting .
removed
these selfish guys in the photo definitely should visit /r/c25k 🙄 i mean , they better produce sweat instead of a ton of lies ...
it 's appropriate since the previous comment was the dvd commentary .
deleted
former deputy national security adviser ben rhodes also called out trump : `` trump is lying . i was there for all 8 years . obama never sought a meeting with kim jong un . foreign policy isn ’ t reality television it ’ s reality . ''
gee , how shocking trump would lie about obama . /s with so little else to bolster his ego at the moment , he needs to rely on being a better friend to dictators than obama . sad that other republicans will toe the line that dictators are fine people as long as obama did n't get along with them .
book 's gon na come in a roll , 3 ply .
and more intelligent .
& gt ; trump just wants the photoop i think trump actually believed that if he could get into a 1 on 1 with kju , he could negotiate a disarmament deal . now he 's just unwilling to accept the fact that he was wrong . at this point , i think trump is just relying on the fact that russia and north korea would like to see him reelected , so he 's trying to use that fact to get them to throw him a diplomatic victory right before the election . i think this is wishful thinking on his part , though , because china definitely does not want to see him reelected , and xi has a lot more influence over kim than putin does .
why did you say this : so what do you suggest we do with all the people ? we could send them to canada if you wish ... when you know there was a perfectly viable program before trump ? do you know what honesty is ? do you know what good faith is ? it 's not good faith to ask questions as rhetorical gotchas , to dishonestly pretend the lack of an answer backs up your point when you know there is an answer and it undermines our point , as you did here . that 's unethical and immoral and you have no hesitation to do it . it 's also the resort of someone who knows they are wrong and hence ca n't honestly convince anyone they 're right . when you think you 're right , you think your rational is convincing so you use that rather dishonest rhetorical tricks to convince others .
deleted
ok. student debt , at least in the case of federal loans , is a cost . that is money the government has received , and spent . taxation is not a cost , it is income , at the cost of the people . you can not equate a legitimate cost with taxation . taxation is the means by which costs can even be considered because it funds the government . making less income from taxes is not the same as a ‘ cost ’ , it is merely the realization of poor investment . what i ’ m saying is tax cuts don ’ t result in deficit , overspending does . so the idea that ‘ this guy says you don ’ t have to pay us so much but since you aren ’ t paying us enough we can ’ t pay for the stuff we have been doing but have never actually been able to pay for in the first place ’ is bullshit . tax cuts are a good thing for the average citizen , period . it is representative of the decentralization of power .
trumps hemroids .
not really news either .
it does n't happen as much in other countries though . i ca n't think of a single political dynasty in the uk for example .
`` killing people is fine , but her emails ... thats another story '' what fucking logic . the party of rape and assault . only redline is emails . how christian of tucker and foxnews .
you call him overweight
biden has a history of saying dumb shit .
the one child has access to therapy , and can live a good life still . they 'll have been responsible for saving the lives of countless children . they 'll be a hero . besides , these things occur in reallife anyways . child abuse advocates are sometimes reallife victims themselves , they go on to help many other people . if they had n't been abused , they would n't have gone into that profession . good things can come from bad things .
you ’ re argument is so bad you have to completely create a new one , while simultaneous name calling . kim jong un is a fascist . there is no reality where he isn ’ t and you are too much of a coward to admit it so you ’ d rather build straw men .
justin bieber should have challenged trump to a fight .
you are not going to convince the majority of people in a plurality or states of this notion . you are not going to convince people to eliminate an entire industry . i know , it sucks . i would be all for it . however , it 's just not going to happen without literally banning being a republican .
or mueller is just incompetent or partly complicit at least , helping the administration run the clock . oh , the guy who `` took down '' enron ca n't indict anyone because they all told `` different lies '' ... genius criminals !
are you serious ? are you a multimillionaire several times over ? no ? then you ’ re not paying for anyone . you ’ re not being punished in any way , shape , or form . the richest people on earth are going to pay for it , not you . jesus .
economics is not black and white . this or that .
we still have the upper hand with sanctions . but trump is trying to do his best to ruin it . eventually nk would of had to come to grips with the sanctions and had to give up something . or at least start talking again .
you think ? dude , obama ’ s approval rating near the end of his presidency was ridiculously high . that ’ s rare .
because i 'm a michigander , i want to add that nestle also takes water from the great lakes at no charge , bottles it , and sells it for a massive profit , all while flint residents still do n't have clean water .
deleted
you forgot the /s .
did n't some people on fox torch trump for trying to do the same thing ? like him or not tucker was the one who called them out on their warmongering
it 's only benefited kim , and has done nothing to end nk nuclear capability or middle program . in fact , trump has only legitimized kim , his regime and putting nk on the same tier as our partners .
ted cruz claims space force is needed because of space pirates.. let ’ s not forget that cruz ’ s twitter account liked a porn video . none of these are onion stories , plus his father killed jfk
dude , this is /r/politics . there is no sense in attempting to explain the obvious truth . there is so much to truly be critical of and they choose to focus on this kind of stuff . literal fake news .
i ’ m pretty certain just 4 months ago it was called manufactured .

removed
this headline reads : “ tucker carlson defends north korean regime . “ click in the picture , play the first 5 seconds of the video from the independant . you will hear tucker say : “ yeah i mean there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s a monstrous regime. ” if this isn ’ t fake news , i don ’ t know what is . go click the video and listen for yourself .
too limiting . check if trump were awake .
with you all the way rattles his forest rake
take off the gloves in the primary ? ok makes nonsense .
right ? governments do kill people , but i think that 's more of a side effect than `` working as intended '' . it 's certainly not a standard we should uphold . ideally , a government should have to kill zero people .
when it is in comparison with north korea , which was where he was coming from , than no , i do n't think that 's what he meant . kim does n't kill other nationalities , he kills his own to consolidate and maintain power . usually by firing squad , sometimes by antiaircraft gun or flamethrower . and sometimes in front of a stadium full of people , including close family . that 's the context .
so did her father . and look at what a stable genius he is . must have paid the tutor he used to get him through , to help her as well .
exactly , bolton and pompeo are attack dogs , except trump has them on a long leash and has no intension of letting them off
& gt ; hell , even the nutty crystal lady isn ’ t up there for herself . eh , got ta disagree with you on that one , she 's clearly there to sell her books
deleted
i loathe tucker and he 's said plenty of fucked up stuff but this does n't seem like he 's saying this in the way the article is implying .
tucker carlson is the worst .
sanders primary voters showed up for hillary . it was obama voters who stayed home or voted third party who cost hillary the election . she was too conservative to keep the obama coalition together .
putin and murdoch are the same person ?
read the article it was misquoted . i was right . “ says it all ”
a malignant narcissitic does . this man is so delusionally full of himself he thinks him and his spawn are gods ... .why would n't i bring my daughter , she is my spawn and i am the best person and can do anything , so of course she can do anything as well
it 's political protest news . how can it be anything else ?
“ just ask mbs , he agrees . ”
right . but tucker carlson is n't a journalist so i do n't know how we 'll be rid of him
the president is n't awalys a qualified diplomat but can still go . i do n't see anything wrong with the first lady going with him . his kids though are a different story . they have no reason to be there
um , did n't he ?
the media is too busy ensuring that the population is convinced that russia infiltrating our country ’ s elections is no big deal , and the voting public should only concern themselves with economic and social issues .
lied about what ?
backing up a step , conservatives simply think liberals do n't understand reality . so , all that needs to be done is send them to reeducation camps .
& gt ; `` jesse jackson is not the emperor of black people '' the only emperor is the emperor of icecream .
r/selfawarewolves
anything positive about gabbard gets bombarded with people talking about how much she is disliked and blah blah blah . gabbard is bringing the issue of american imperialism front and center , and she ’ s right to do so . you can bash her for other things , but if you think she ’ s wrong for doing this then you ’ re part of a gigantic problem .
um ... were they offered the land that was taken from them ? were they offered the ability to have their own country , with sovereign control including armed forces , airports , etc ? with their capital as east jerusalem ? did the israelis say they would dismantle the many israeli colonies built in formerly palestinian areas ? short of all that with the tacit understanding that none of the above could would ever be offered nor accomplished anyway and the palestinian lands would alway be a subjugated area where the palestinians offered israeli citizenship ?
what about them ?
“ but what about obummer ? ! ”
that ’ s not even remotely what he said .
what does it take to demonstrate that a person has good intentions to you ?
he wants to delay the census so he can get the citizenship question on their to weed out the non citizens . nothing to do with election . tho the dems do want illegal immigrants to vote
heather heyer was just crossing a road when the right wing terrorist murdered her . why do you think police should have shot her ?
an addendum to my last comment : it is true that i stopped responding to your ubi arguments . perhaps that is where you got this nonsensical `` red herring '' idea into your head . the reason i stopped responding to it is because you had already proved yourself a bad faith actor . you were misrepresenting my comments and flat out lying , saying that i had quoted yang when i had n't . i will not participate in a debate with a bad faith actor , but i will press them into a corner if i have the chance . which is why i demanded you point me to where i quoted yang . and why i continued that line of discussion , while abandoning the ubi angle . the fact of the matter is that you were all too happy to argue about yang 's views on impeachment , up until the moment i asked you to prove your claim that i had directly quoted him . you could n't do that , because you were lying , and that 's when you switched tactics by suggesting that i was trying to change the subject . i am happy to continue the ubi discussion , provided that you acknowledge that you were either lying or mistaken about yang 's position on impeachment , and about whether i ever directly quoted him , and about whether i misrepresented any of his remarks .
that already happened . i ’ m on mobile so i ’ ll have to sniff out a source later , but it was headline news for a day which is as long as stories last under president gets worse every day that children who were supposedly detained at the border turned up in a sex trafficking raid by the fbi hundreds of miles away . that was only a few months , maybe even a few weeks , after the first outrage over the camps started . i never did see/hear what came of that , it ’ s like it never even happened . somebody , multiple somebodies , working at those detention centers had to be in on some scheme for those children to vanish from a secure facility . the only question is how high the rot goes and how many people knew . i ’ m safely assuming “ to the top ” and “ everybody ” .
kim jong un is the fucking king joffrey of this timeline .
the gop does n't acknowledge reality .
as usual , no argument . gon na take a victory where i can .
removed
let 's not forget here , were talking about mexican unamerican children who are possibly really six foot five bodybuilding suicide bombers . why do they get doctor when real white american vets and other paedotricians get nothing and have to pay their student loans ? /s
and porcupines !
deleted
“ the rapist , in this case , has made a lifelong commitment to live and take care of the underage victim , so it is a little different. ” tucker carlson
lmao ... just that huh ?
rapealot sounds more like it
removed
deleted
reporters frequently travel . he was already in japan covering the g20 .
no , elizabeth lost only 1 % from their previous poll well within any margin of error , while biden lost 5 % . so it 's safer to assume that most of her gain came at biden 's expense .
nobody else needs to embarrass them , they do it to themselves with ease .
`` dude , you do n't say it ! ''
i feel like i merely postulated an idea and now i 'm being warned not 'fuck with people 's lives ' . huh ? we ca n't even discuss possibilities ? i highly doubt i could fuck with any lives any worse than current systems . also , i actually do n't think you understand how accurate simulations can be , especially because you can run them over and over with different variables . humans are actually way more predictable that you think .
why is he the best president ever ?
well , in one story , shubniggurath carries the title of `` wife of the nottobenamedone '' . this suggests melania .
oppps
removed
deleted
you do n't , you stump to the home audience .
congrats on your newfound interest in geopolitics ! probably a lot to catch up on , huh .
beats getting permabanned after one post
does n't aoc have a degree in international relations and economics ?
sorry but a bunch of out of shape , delusional , dishonest , angry , uneducated , middle aged white guys with ar15s are not going to stage a successful insurgency . and that description is accurate for 90 % of the idiots clamoring for one .
one state is fine and good . as long as palestinians are granted full citizenship . a onestate solution would remove any diversion to the fact that israel is an apartheid nation .
removed
every human is .
does trump care ? of course he does . if it were n't rigged , his odds of being reelected would be significantly worse .
cry in front of an empty parking lot over it .
removed
can we start with tucker ?
will any of carlson 's remaining advertisers react to this ? is mypillow comfortable with backing talk of murder ? probably .
it 's the cutting and borrowing , stupid . you turnips cut taxes and borrowed 1.9 trillion dollars to lick your donors asses . you have no business talking about being responsible with money whatsoever .
damn we are a banana republic .
that implies he has his own opinions , and not that they are sold to the highest bidder
deleted
because very mean spirited . think : cruella de vil .
i wanted to come up with some sort of witty remark using the word finale . instead , it 's americas trump card on immigration .
cool , so when it comes to accounting you believe in fraud .
`` carter proved remarkably generous at providing financial , military , diplomatic and ideological support for fascist dictatorships that tortured and killed millions of members of their domestic populations in an effort to crush popular movements for social justice . some of the regimes he backed carried out mass slaughter that amounted to genocide . ''
deleted
`` hosting a show means saying bullshit . ''
removed
randy ?
“ how is it newsworthy that jews protested at an american concentration camp ? ”
removed
`` for fucks sake '' george washington
oh i guess that makes it right . i mean what are you going to do other than accept it with a gaping mouth ? being against killing is unpatriotic . the conservative message is clear . certainly was a crime under the previous presidency . but that has finally disappeared . how amazing . conservatives solve criminality just like the climate issue . by disappearing it .
yeah , we do n't have to go abroad to find atrocities . america 's done more than our fair share .
why ca n't people just talk , even be funny , without being this kind of `` funny ''
we learn nothing from history
yep , and we 're ballooning the deficit during an improving economy we 're really screwed during the next downturn now .
like this : 📀
probably not a good thing to say on the biggest stage . when american citizens already have health insurance concerns . that should be something they dealt with during legislative season . while people on this board may agree . majority of americans don ’ t . we want millions to be accepted from the southern border . and now be given healthcare on arrival ?
exactly . op is passing some pretty horrific stories off as common fact . flooding the internet with unsubstantiated claims does nothing but muddy the waters . we need to be focusing on all of the evidencebased illegal shit going on .
he started the sentence with `` there 's no defending north korea . it 's a stalinist regime '' pretty sure tucker carlson is not pro north korea
so what are you smoking today ?
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
wow women trashing other women . when will it stop ?
removed
i 've seen a guy saying he wants to sue them .
& gt ; gods know you do n't care about morality . lol . claiming you know anything about morality while arguing in support of the removal of the last line of defense against corrupt governments . go back to your authoritarian circlejerk where you all compete to see who can lick the government 's boots better . you 'll be far more at home in a place like china or russia than the us .
maybe i was in denial or something .
removed
we ’ re in the end game now . do we ever have another peaceful transition of power ?
so did the new york times and a bunch other 'respectable ' papers , all rushed to publish variations of the headline `` mueller clears trump in russia probe '' meanwhile , mueller comes out weeks later with his weak and laughable comeback : `` if we had confidence the president did n't commit any crimes , we would say so '' i bet mueller felt like he was laying down the law with that righteous shade but jeesuschris grampa mueller ... go back to when people had honor duels and those comebacks worked or something
mueller is done . between barr ’ s obstruction attempt and the democrats sitting on their asses , there ’ s nothing left for him to do . sure , he ’ s going to follow the law and fulfill his legal obligation to show up for the subpoena . but if his report and all the evidence within it isn ’ t enough to right the ship and show the american people that they should demand accountability , nothing will convince them and this entire trump/russia conspiracy will go unpunished .
he was avoiding arrest with the help of a heavily armed militia , and implied that they would kill any cops that came after them
they allowed a candidate who was never a democrat to run for the primary of the entire party . they could have literally just told him he couldn ’ t run on the ticket ...

this is nonsense . i ’ m done ; nothin positive will come from this exchange .
does he care ? that is not a question . he does not . end of discussion .
have n't seen many jails , eh ?
i think you need to go back about 50 or more years to find an actual election of fairly and justly picked candidates .
ah , texas
& gt ; such a tactic is the equivalent of living paycheck to paycheck , but on a national level . only if you tax for the precise amount you expect to need . just charge an extra couple percent in overhead for a rainy day fund and you ’ ll be fine .
deleted
for the 100th time , fuck you tucker carlson .
nah , but the person who threw the “ shake ” should be prosecuted . i ’ m more antifascist than pro at the moment . someone needs to stand up to trump 's brown shirt wannabees .
says the person with poor english ability selling used panties on the internet .
lesser in number but greater in volume .
who said anything about him not being the president ...
removed
only the truly naive and the young who do n't yet know better think that there 's a chance that these people will see justice , they wo n't bad people get away with and and benefit from their evil acts all the time , and it wo n't be any different for these bad people
good point . however , that section seems to only apply to the us congress , not other government bodies , let alone state governments .
ivanka is dumb as a post . bet you 'd love having chelsea doing the same if hillary had been elected ?
i 'm surprised he has any left after all the shit he said about iraqis that surfaced a couple months ago .
& gt ; as to your first question , relevance should always matter when determining public policy . right , relevance matters , so what relevance is the reason their power was diluted to whether the dilution of said power is good or bad ? & gt ; as to the second question , i used the term ultruistic for a reason . because you ca n't spell altruistic ? & gt ; if you 're not doing it for good intentions , then your reasons are selfish and that is bad . so if i do something that helps people for selfish reasons , that 's a bad thing , but if i do something that harms people for altruistic reasons , that 's a good thing ? i 'm not sure the people harmed would agree that what happened to them was good . hell , by your standard most of what hitler did was good because he was just trying to help . that his `` help '' was n't actually helpful does n't matter , just that he intended it to .
it 's not that they 're impossible , some of the things he was plotting on a normal distribution , when it 's not normally distributed . if his statistics are n't taking a lot of the realities into effect , its possible what looks impossible is n't actually far outside of normal . that 's kind of the issue . exit polls can be very far off , so if he 's saying it was an impossible amount off , maybe the poll was just wrong . same with precincts other people have mentioned . it 's hard to say `` after x precincts it 'd be y likely that candidate 1 wins '' because that 's entire reliant on what precincts are left . as i mentioned in virginia , if results came in randomly from around the state , it 'd be straining credulity that the republicans lost after being up with 70 % of the vote in regularly . except it 's not random , its ' always the dem strongholds that report later , so what looks odd and people have brought it up as odd here is really exactly what you 'd expect . and my initial read on that paper , i 'm not convinced he 's corrected for that enough to rule out normal occurrences . i mean , for one he 's basing it all on the unadjusted exit polls , which have a selfselection bias . so if he 's extrapolating that to the end results , that 's not really a solid way to get at it . plus the normal distributions which exit polls are full of sampling bias . everything he concludes can be concluded by `` exit polls have issues '' which is pretty well known . it 's not that convincing .
sanders was literally on fox news , does that make him some secret neoconservative war driven white nationalist ? i don ’ t think so . just because a conservative publication posts positive things about a dem candidate , doesn ’ t immediately make said candidate suspect of lying . tucker carlson is pretty anti war to the tone of convincing trump not to strike iran . he is a wacko white nationalist and a pos in pretty much every other area but you got ta give credit where credits due .
when did i advocate helping no one ? all i ’ m saying is if need is the criteria , the group targeted by this plan makes no sense whatsoever . there are many people more needy than this group of people . so if it isn ’ t need , what is it ? many things are integral to economic development . many things are more integral to it than college degrees . weirdly that isn ’ t targeted either . but , let ’ s assume for a second that your crazy justification is in some way the real reason . this policy would naturally focus on people with student loan debt living at or near the poverty line , right ? and because the goal is economic development , only those degrees that provide an economic advantage are being targeted , right ? otherwise , i don ’ t get why the program isn ’ t just a check or tax break for every american over the age of 18 .
was also shocked by that . guess i 'm returning my last purchase and ordering from somewhere else .
i have an idea where to start .
dachau was n't a death camp ; the death toll there was tiny percentage of the extermination camps , which were all outside the original german territory . turns out if you want to do something truly evil , you need to do it outside your borders . your basic point is correct though . where things started and where they ended up were vastly different .
removed
it 's not like the dnc doesnt know about how the electoral college works .
can one of them be tucker carlson ? please .
beaten while agitating with proud boys ?
false
i guess in this case because all the funny stuff is also pretty fucking horrifying ? just a guess .
amazingly this story appeared on a murdoch news site in australia :
the american tax payer . no sweat we ’ ll be paying for this influx for the rest of our lives . remember each us citizen including my 3 year old and 1 year old sons owe 70k in national debt which is up to 23 trillion . but yea cool man . huge migration , open borders and free nationalized health care for all
these protestors are heroes .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
“ does anyone think its a good idea to put a kid on a bus , travel for an hour to another school into another neighborhood that he or she doesn ’ t know ? ” he said . and according to reporting unearthed by andrew kaczynski ‘ s cnn kfile team , sanders also offered qualified criticism of busing during a 1974 discussion with the radical education action project : according to sanders , in the long run , busing , as a means toward quality education for all school children , creates racial hostility where it did not previously exist . ‘ ‘ the government doesn ’ t give a shit about black people , ” he said .
removed
i kind of feel bad for some of these people . it sure was n't the dream cop job they were expecting . then i remember they were concentration camp workers , and did n't feel much bad anymore .
more like an army of dale gribbles . if the national guard were actually called in they would piss their pants and cry about the bill of rights that they casually wipe their asses with when it suits them .
if you do the math you 'll find that $ 775/day is an order of magnitude higher than what the average american earns working for a living . the fact that these migrants do n't all have their own 2br 1.5ba high rise condos for the amount they 're `` worth '' is staggering . it also means that for each migrant we put in a camp you need hundreds of american workers being taxed to support each individual . apparently the party of small government and lower taxes is perfectly fine with this .
goddamn the right must be in a total free fall right now . ten years ago that regime was one of their bad guys , and now they ’ re defending it because trump is a fan of the leader . they ’ re so fucking pathetic and sheepish it ’ s baffling .
so you 're saying that 's why trump gets along with him so well ?
which ones ? i do n't know federal law at all and am curious .
& gt ; they stretched the university towns to dilute the farming communities . how can you dilute the least populous places ? to dilute something you have to mix it with something less dense . the densely populated in central and southern il are the university towns . you either are pushing propaganda or you are very unfamiliar with the republican strategy for the last 30 years . you are clearly not familiar with redmap from the last decade . repeating lies do not make them more true .
tulsi does n't have the benefit of running unopposed against someone who 's had 30 years of propaganda to poison the well . nobody 's that into her .
he can not announce that in front of his people .
“ does anyone think its a good idea to put a kid on a bus , travel for an hour to another school into another neighborhood that he or she doesn ’ t know ? ” he said . and according to reporting unearthed by andrew kaczynski ‘ s cnn kfile team , sanders also offered qualified criticism of busing during a 1974 discussion with the radical education action project : according to sanders , in the long run , busing , as a means toward quality education for all school children , creates racial hostility where it did not previously exist . ‘ ‘ the government doesn ’ t give a shit about black people , ” he said .
why would they wander into nk ?
i do n't think you quite understand what electable means .
sure . if you are elected by the majority or plurality votes of the people , you deserve the position . second , aoc is n't even asking to be at g20 . she is saying that trump himself should be there , or literally anyone else who is a real diplomat for the us . third , aoc graduated with a double major in econ and international relations . to belittle her just because she was a bartender is disrespectful to all of her hard work . moreover , it 's a classist argument that assumes all hard working class people are unintelligent , when in reality hard work in the face of adversity builds true character . ivanka wrote a book called women who work , but there 's a reason it 's on clearance at office depot .
the standard of helping out my fellow americans is something that will never be abandoned . the liberal/progressive standard of forcing regular americans to pay for health insurance for those who illegally enter the country is the dumbest thing democratic candidates could have supported . if liberals want to do that , do it with your own money , not others .
deleted
early days prediction : it 's going to come down to warren or harris . the moderates will abandon biden and ryan to vote for harris and the progressives will eventually coalesce behind warren as the rest of the progressive candidates slowly bow out and as warren starts to be seen as a more practical and more successful way of getting bernie 's ideas implemented .
maybe it 's because trump literally saluted a nk soldier ?
we would n't need to worry about that if we all got a gold bar and a sack of jewels . duh .
some friends of a friend actually named their daughter veruca . they must have heard it in charlie and the chocolate factory and thought it sounded pretty . we did n't dare tell them . this was about 14 years ago . i hope she 's doing ok .
they also commit suicide and lives of depression . you got some bad logic . dangerous logic .
removed
you are . you keep people in custody , you 're responsible for their care . that 's why they call it `` custody '' .
so , you think death camps are necessary to run a country ? no wonder conservatives are okay with concentration camps we 've got now .
while we 're on the topic of odds , their removal was probably because they were either clearly a bot/troll or they incessantly posted content the internet equivalent of flaming trash .
the only way to reliably deal with a rogue swarmcollective is a relativistic kinetic impactor that takes out the entire hemisphere at least . the swarmcollective designated c'ruz is here to stay , i guess .
all the gun nuts are circling around trump . the most corrupt potus in history , who loves the worst dictators on the planet . it would be a lot safer for democracy without you guys . you are licking his boots , not me .
i think the average american will recoil in disgust at how an entire faction of the democratic party sided with elitist europeans that have nothing but contempt for us over their fellow citizens , especially when the european union burns to ground and complicates things for us . they think we 're still peasants , and you wo n't even stand up for our wonderful country ! it 's given us everything . why did our ancestors move here ? to get away from these people .
there is also pathological mendacity , where people lie on impulse , about everything .
i disagree . his voice alone is enough to drown out trump . like you said you ca n't argue with trump anyway because he does n't engage in rational thought . so it really comes down to who can yell over trump the best .
i 'm so glad we got to see her show her teeth when tim ryan started spouting warhawk nonsense hopefully she can make it to at least one more debate to shoot down that sort of rhetoric , then drop out and endorse bernie
lol , no kim is working trump . it ’ s fucking embarrassing . i think my 7 year old has better negotiation skills . scratch that , my 7 year absolutely has better negotiation skills .
it is painful to watch every time aoc opens her mouth .
thank you for a straight forward answer , i appreciate it . my own experience growing up was that my father , who was extremely well educated and hard working , was laid off from his job of 20 years at the ago of 48 . he was simply unable to find employment at the time that would cover our living expenses and he ended up working 3 crappy part time jobs to simply keep up from being homeless . he was fastidious about paying taxes etc . and was strong supporter of the military . he never really recovered from the period of being unemployed . he was a very proud man and never wanted any handouts from anyone . a few years later he was diagnosed with leukemia and died a few months afterwards . he never once complained , never once asked for special treatment and would have given you the shirt off his back if he believed it would help you more than him . he was the most liberal man i ’ ve ever met . i completely realize that it ’ s just one person and he not representative of all liberal minded people and i realize also that our upbringing and environment are so influential in our world views and politics , but my experience of truly liberal people is the polar opposite of what you ’ ve described .
& gt ; trump is the first president to step beyond the dmz into n. korea . pandering is n't diplomatic success . are you guys really this clueless ?
does the gop only include the elected officials or does it also include pundits , financial contributors , news organizations , and their voters ?
usually those two things go handinhand . till i actually met rich people .
removed
given trump 's prowess at negotiating , i assume we 'll be building an ohio class for nk soon .
washington examiner cares about democrats suddenly ? or just their shill fake dino ?
this guy is certifiable . it is amazing how far these people have gotten in the usa . a totally unamerican statement . these are the guys my father and uncle fought in ww2
nor does anyone else with a functioning bullshit detector .
i am disappointed that in canada , showing the truth can get you fired .
removed
there are so many layers here that show how fucked up trump is . the most important one though , is that he thinks the press is supposed to be his friend . they 're not . the press is supposed to be critical of everyone . when they are your friends , they become state run media as fox has become for the republican party . the press and those they cover can have a civil relationship , but it is the job of one of them , to report on everything you 're doing ... especially to inform the public of the bad shit you 're trying to cover up . that is why the press follows the politicians . it 's not to spin news in their favor , it 's to ensure nothing shady is going on .
deleted
i used to be a stalinist , i 'm really not sure what past me would have thought about this . probably somehow both giddy and furious
if hopefully when republicans are voted out and just refuse to go anywhere then the new president/congressmen would probably just call the d.c. police and have them arrested , worst case scenario the national guard or even the army . i must admit though , the image of trump refusing to step down and then being dragged out by the national guard is hilarious . however , my main fear is n't the republicans refusing to leave office it 's the republican voters refusing to accept it and them storming government buildings . sadly they 'd probably just be given a slap on the wrist and sent home with all their guns instead of tried for really any crimes .
i 'm negotiating with my unicorn about where he lays his rainbows , both are equally likely to result in denuclearization .
it seems that voters disagreed . who elected ivanka ?
the president 's daughter broke the law . that 's a good look ...
only the best people
we know that kim will never give up his nukes ... why would he ...
thank you
oooof !
deleted
oh it all makes sense now , she ’ s a druggy . i bet she ’ s on pot too .
don ’ t care . you think the millions coming from the south have perfect or even close to any english speaking capabilities ? calling out a us citizen for grammar , while 100 % ok if the asylum seekers never bother to learn english right ?
i would have been fine with trump as a state senator or congressman like aoc . he is certainly unqualified to be president as is aoc .
he pushed back lightly , but only once . he could have said things like 60 % of wealth in america is inherited , or that wages have not gone up with inflation , or that the median household wealth has been reversing , or that people are way behind on auto payments , or that the student debt is literally unpayable by debtors , etc .
but ... would you rather these people do n't get buried ? that would spread disease ! you socialists do n't care about the humanitarian crisis you 've created by not letting us shoot ~~people~~ invaders on the border ! /s just in case .
then why did he defend them ?
still not as bad as creepy uncle joe
is that supposed to mean something in english ?
oh i love him . im a big fan of some more news , but it 's definitely done in a way where any conservative person would hit the back button like 20 seconds into any given episode . i feel like beau holds up pretty liberal viewpoints but does so in a way that approaches conservatives from their side and shows them he knows what they 're saying and they 're reasons , and heres why they should consider the liberal side of the argument and give it a good thinkingabout .
please wiki hillary clinton and read her education and work history .
give him his job back . he spoke nothing truth through his comic !
yeah man , nothing means anything , wooo ! /s
removed
removed
lol . the us and china are more alike and bros than i thought ... .
removed
yikes .
insults will get you nowhere , answer the question . be articulate and explain your debt cancelling process .
yes it ’ s called positive and negative rights . your supposed “ right ” to free health care means negated my right to my private health care plan also keep in mind us has the highest cancer survival rate and is responsible for the majority of medical innovation 30.6 % of world due to the incentive for drug companies to invest in research and development also average wait time in the uk to see a specialist is 62 days
deleted
it makes me sad that no matter how many videos like this i could show my father , it would just lead to a verbal , often unnecessarily attacking argument because of the 24/7 fox news that is constantly playing at his home . i have never felt or understood hate towards any particular culture or creed , and have never understood hatred towards another . i now fully understand what it means to hate , because i hate the people that have made me have arguments with my loved ones that permenantly altered our relationship . i wish things were different .
there are a bunch of gay folk in texas especially austin
lmao both articles show sanders isn ’ t against bussing but wants to fix the communities and fund the schools saying that taking a bus an hour to a different school isn ’ t optimal .
it ca n't be a high number . people like to play that it is purely based on determination , but it 's a lot more than that . you absolutely need determination , however , the quality of your school , the people around you , your parents , your ability to go to college , your health , and finally , your intelligence . abusive parents , serious health issues , terrible schools where getting the shit beat out of you is common and murderous gangs roam , having no one to help pay for college or give you somewhere to stay while you do , or you are simply not very intelligent or have serious mental deficiencies ? you 're screwed . under the current system , yours odds start making the lottery look viable . people brush off circumstances , but any of the above alone can derail any hope , and most come in pairs or greater .
and not all emails are created alike . no problem when it 's the gop .
removed
i ’ ve decided to embrace the farce of it all . i mean , it ’ s never really been done before in america . we might end up crazy from it like starcraft upgrade units . i ’ m convinced its just hubris , hubris , hubris , and if you want to fix it , then hey , guy , it ’ s americaaaa ! grab some tamales and get it while it ’ s cooking .
kinda true . i 'm puerto rican , so i have a very limited view of what `` pena '' might entail , though . spanish is friggin weird in the caribbean .
one more stupid thing donnie two scoops seems to believe with absolutly no grounding in reality . just like his other horseshit claims . this one is pretty bad : & gt ; ‘ had the opposition party no , not the media won the election , the stock market would be down at least 10,000 points by now . we are heading up , up , up ! ’ the worst is his claim that hillary clinton would have started a nuclear war by now : & gt ; “ if i had not been elected president of the united states , ” trump declared , clearly relishing what he was about to say next , “ we would right now , in my opinion , be in a major war with north korea. ” deranged don with the nuclear football and the current team of top advisors is scary shit . edit : fixed goofy auto correct mistake .
and that 's why he did so well , because he did n't want to do it . which just happens to be how a republic is supposed to function . public servants dispassionately and should not have holding office for as long as possible as a goal .
he ’ s going to have even more to steal . he is a traitor , a thief and a virulent person period .
yeah mulaney did it first :
nothing you just said is true . let me say that twice , everything you said is a lie .
this . but also , some people just are not ready for college at a young age or ever possibly . now , everyone can go to college with pretty much any scores . can they afford it ? well , now everyone can get a loan with pretty much any situation . so what do colleges do ? everyone can get in , everyone can 'pay for it . ' they increase the price because the government will keep giving out loans . stop acting like college is some magic dream requirement . ignorantplebs is saying everyone needs to go 'fear of automation ' and then these people are spendings years there , raking up debt , repeating early prereqs deciding what to do . and then complaining about a useless degree , a poor job outlook , and thousands in debt ? automation will kill their jobs ? newsflash , they are n't getting jobs with the bad degrees they had anyways . i am not against college ; i am also not a trade school advocate . i am simply saying some people are not fit for college , and there are other options available and if there are not , we should make some . the problem is now everyone feels like college is mandatory , or they are entitled to go to college , or they can spend a few years in college partying/socializing/soul searching , when yea you can if you have the means to , but it is not a right to go there , it is a privilege that many people worked hard for and made sacrifices for . instead we have people saying 'automation ' kills every other option ... . so these guys get degrees in general studies is better ? ? if you say we should n't automate everything , he thinks we are holding back society . it is a loselose until you say everyone who is poor gets $ 3000 free every month just for breathing .
those words do n't mean what you think they do .
removed
i would n't have felt any more secure with bolton there .
the only problem with fox news , aside from the fact that they claim to be news which is an issue in how they market themselves , not in them publishing anything , is that they coordinate their stories with the republican party . they are in effect state run . as long as there is a separation between them and the people they favor , it 's ok .
now we 're seeing rethugs defend nk , there truly is no bottom for them .
she often rushes into things without knowing the facts . her having a rage on twitter over ‘ republicans mocking her ’ when it was a fellow democrat standing next to her is one notable example . her misunderstanding of the $ 21t pentagon funds being ‘ there ’ s $ 21t we can spend on medicare ’ . inability to back up her bold statements in actual interviews saying trump is a racist which is fine in and of itself but can ’ t actually articulate it well . she ’ s someone who makes bold claims and acts outraged , but clearly doesn ’ t know the facts .
taken out of context again like usual . context only matters when cnn is on apparently ...
huh , that usa list is ... not that hard ? i 'm apparently already doing it : p
you have more faith in those institutions than i do . they 're usually the first to fall to rabid nationalism and fascism , so my guess would be that if they 're arresting anyone , it 's the new president and protesters , not the folks currently paying their wages and letting them break out the big toys .
who ?
removed
they are normalizing genocide for when they do it to the immigrants , calling it now
i really can not believe there are people who just hate aoc so much they will turn a blind eye to how awful this ivanka situation was .
that stated alone and by itself is not relevant and says nothing about her intellect . it ’ s an award , that ’ s it . i ’ ve got quite a few awards . by themselves , without any context as to why i got them , they also don ’ t mean a damn thing . if i hadn ’ t gotten them for my actions it wouldn ’ t make what i did any less meaningful . someone insults her intelligence and your response is “ she has an asteroid named after her ” is not a meaningful addition to the conversation as a defense against that . i don ’ t follow her life or any politicians really as i have my own to live . if you had said “ she has an asteroid named after her because ... ” then it suddenly becomes relevant . notice how context plays a big part in a discussion ?
it 's pretty hard to find a country more isolated , intentionally , than north korea . they are ardent isolationists ... but something tells me , because they are n't white , they would not be `` racist '' as a result of being extreme isolationists , would they ?
removed
can not wait for this fuckface to get exposed much the same way bill o reilly was .
okay so bernie ’ s thought process was “ instead of putting these kids on a bus to go to a really good white school that ’ s super far away , why don ’ t we just build really good schools in their own community ? ” that ’ s literally what the article is saying . it also states he wasn ’ t “ opposed ” to bussing , he just thought the idea of building good schools in their own community would be a much better option for those children . edit : so whatever argument you ’ re trying to make sucks ass
uh , yes . episode 8 was one of the most incredible hours of television i 've ever seen . in fact i think it 's time for a rewatch .
and weird how police officers/departments are not up in arms figuratively and literally .
it was tucker carlson who apparently persuaded trump not to attack iran which would have led to a disastrous war and bolton meanwhile wants war.. so it 's a good trade but you do n't need to glorify dictatorships while doing this and yes a state needs legitimate force but nk operates death camps and prison camps..
deleted
how many do you think know that statistic ? if you 're truly seeking asylum i.e . running from a cartel , would n't any odds greater than 0 % be a better option than torture or death ? even if you 're only delaying the inevitable for 6 months until the us repatriates you , that 's an extra 6 months of life right ? in the case of economic migrants , if they feel that walking potentially hundreds of miles through not always hospitable environments for a shot at working in any one of your stereotypical immigrant jobs is worth more than what they have where they live , it 's probably going to take more than a wall to keep them out . even if you get a wall up across the almost 2,000 miles of terrain , you still need border agents patrolling for people trying to climb over or dig under . you still need ice agents to round up people who overstay their visas . you still have to watch the ports . this does n't even touch on how bad things are going to get if people can no longer afford to survive near the equator due to rising global temperatures .
i wish there was a system where non local federal agents were required to oversee every jail , prison , and detention center to report on maltreatment
i dunno how your brain works or how to fix you . find some empathy for other people . it ’ s what jesus would have wanted .
health rumors coming from team best words dementia bone spurs . the irony is especially thick .
removed
ok guy , next time you have a problem i 'm sure you want the company to be paying the judge that is residing over your case ?
yeah , no shit . at this point it 'd be news if he was actually telling the truth about anything .
the internet doesn ’ t forget
do you prefer war ? how do you expect it to go down ? what happens once we turn nk into a parking lot ? if one can accomplish something through diplomacy why not attempt to do it that way . why create an enemy when you could create an ally . peace is the goal . the us has the most powerful military the world has ever seen and it is not even close . all other options should be exhausted before we have to resort to using it . & gt ; speak softly and carry a big stick , you will go far . theodore roosevelt
& gt ; you ca n't claim it 's only bias when it 's solely good things that are said what are you even talking about ? i never claimed this . all i said above is that bias and disinformation are not the same thing . and from my other comment , that every political website is probably biased , but again , bias and disinformation are two different things .
you are my hero catgirl apocalypse . please consider joining r/murderedbywords i could n't actually tag you , but i hope you see this because today , you are my hero . i wish i had a fraction of your articulation .
& gt ; i 'm negotiating with my unicorn about where he lays his rainbows a dramatization
deleted
is someone being swift boated now ?
if i were kim i ’ d probably agree to stop development , work the system for as much aid and trade normalization as possible , then just restart when the next president takes office .
yes they obviously added the lead on purpose . /s
graduated from boston u with a bachelor 's in international relations and economics , interned for ted kennedy , so ya probably a better fit for that particular stage .
deleted
gabbard is the favorite candidate of right wing news sources for some reason .
you need some smarts to do that effectively though .
behind the bastards is fucking incredible too
i remember when border patrol built a new facility up in northern vermont in canaan and my family was going on how it was a detainment facility that obama was was going to use ... .shit is just outright projection ! i tried telling my family that obama would never do anything like that and here we are he never did that and if i told them trump would they would n't believe me till i got thrown in there for having their best interest in mind . i remember not too long ago they were going on about socialism and how bad it was till i chewed them out telling them they 're retired now and that them and my brother with downs syndrome life 's literally depend on socialize programs their social security medicare and medicaid is all that .
if things would go back to normal , and both democrats and republicans can sit and be civil about things , perhaps progress could be made about the issues at the border . but we live in clown world and nothing seems to be getting done .
shit like this is why i 'm glad most major news companies will be dead in about 20 to 30 years when their target demographic of fans will have long since passed away by then . while saying that you have to also factor in how much longer cable tv will be able to hang around for .
she lost .
the fuck does he need to get right ?
i think he was sarcastic but the left does n't get sarcasm
if it gets cancelled , my guess is that the series ends on the mother of all temper tantrums .
she killed it
i ’ ve never been so embarrassed for someone in such a position of power . its beyond words .
no he did n't ; this sub is just reading it negatively because they 're antigop . he just made an edgy comment and that 's why it did not meet the level of `` threat '' .
removed
i try so hard to like joe but wtf so if it was `` socially acceptable '' to be homophobic he would be ?
he 's so close to getting it , but oh so far away .
thank you for your response . i did not realize that there were annotations available on the website . i also admit misunderstanding what he actually did ; i was under the impression that he tweeted this , not that he said it on a tv interview hence the argument for electronic threat . it looks like you are almost certainly correct after looking at the annotations since it has been held that the prohibition on causing alarm is unconstitutionally vague . & amp ; # x200b ; what about ors 162.235 : obstructing governmental or judicial administration ? & gt ; 1 a person commits the crime of obstructing governmental or judicial administration if the person : & gt ; & gt ; a intentionally obstructs , impairs or hinders the administration of law or other governmental or judicial function by means of intimidation , force , physical or economic interference or obstacle ; & gt ; & gt ; 3 obstructing governmental or judicial administration is a class a misdemeanor . & amp ; # x200b ; thanks again for your responses .
we already learned stuff from mcgahn from the mueller report . why is the white house blocking it now if what he probably is going to say is already out there ?
i could get behind that , but ivana , his first wife might make more sense in that aspect . shubniggurath does have some connection to nug and yeb eric and don jr. i 'm more after the black goat with a thousand young angle .
& gt ; nuremberg 2.0 please america needs to sign itself back up for the icc and let them drag our former presidents off to stand trial .
anyone who wants the government controlling when you are allowed to see a doctor , what doctor u can see and if u r allowed have surgery is crazy more government control and less free market is bad plus u can ’ t just kick 177 million people off thier health care plans
it ’ s especially funny because his excuse is that he ’ s a moron who doesn ’ t understand english .
why are you posting this same thing everywhere ?
i ’ ll take a swing at it ... healthcare is not a right and we are not entitled to ones ’ service , product , or labor . we pay for socialized education , firefighters , police , etc ... . through taxes . these are public services but are very different . all of these services are provided by people who make far less money than medical doctors . all of these services take far less time and education to even start to offer service . now , if you wanted to say , we have a right to not be gouged by pharmaceutical companies ? who hold patents on prescription medications and prevent generics being made . r & amp ; d cost being earned back is one thing , but 1000 fold ? if you wanted to restrict insurance companies from dropping people after getting sick or raising their premiums ? sure ! ! ! create a system with agreed on pricing so the cost of medical services aren ’ t so high ? sure ! to protect doctors , who have to carry massive legal insurance coverage incase of lawsuits ? sure ! the point is , it ’ s not black and white . this is a really convoluted issue and just saying , “ free healthcare ! ” is pandering because they won ’ t get it done . not the way they are saying they want to .
deleted
i hear from the best minds that it can be pretty wet from the standpoint of water
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
his own callander was corroborating evidence .
that 's actually and interesting thought . it would be a smart move by kim . they know trump will believe anything . perhaps trump actually believes it . that 's scary as hell .
you do n't have to lie about it . `` the bill had previously passed the senate by an overwhelming bipartisan vote . it will provide billions of dollars to be used to care for children in federal custody and does not include any funding for a border wall . it was the result of a compromise negotiated between sen. richard shelby , the chair of the senate appropriations committee , and sen. patrick leahy , the top democrat on the committee . ''
you were n't born with a gun , were you ? or a right to vote ?
they 're establishing the ideological framework necessary for genocide to be committed . it might sound exaggerated , but this is literally how it happens the battle of ideas comes first .
removed
i do n't think the gop would march in the capital since most republicans are responsible and reasonable people who work for living , unlike liberals .
institutions aren ’ t able to stop fascism
awwww ... but i like you ! i ’ m sorry if i have a low tolerance for those that elevate self interest and personal experience over empathy and humanism . that ’ s on me , homie . i just find that attitude is typically expressed by people who are blind to the plight of their fellow citizens and that they usually blame other people for circumstances beyond their control or refuse to acknowledge that they could have been a victim of the same fate if their luck would have been different . that is the type of insidious selfishness and inflexibility that leads people to justify things like children in cages , the prevalence of wrongful convictions , and the massive wealth disparity affecting us all . america ’ s promise should be bigger than that , and if it means that someone doesn ’ t get their fourth yacht or second helicopter i ’ m okay with that . anyways , i am now regretting that i spent all afternoon to make you a friendship bracelet . but i think we can salvage something here . how about we give each other a meditation to consider this coming july fourth , i ’ ll make one for you and you make one for me , and i will promise to spend some of my energy thinking on yours if you ’ ll do the same . deal ? here ’ s mine : do you believe that every one of your fellow americans was given the same opportunities and consideration that you were , and that they had an equal chance of success ? and do you believe that those who did not succeed as you have owe that to their poor decision making and laziness ? why or why not ?
busing is not good policy , even bernie agrees that 's it 's not optional . people are n't racist for thinking busing is bad policy . so fuck off about biden .
cost more to who ? the government ? they already spend too much as it is . they should focus on cutting expenditure and not on increasing the tax burden on citizens . you ca n't tax your way to prosperity . that 's not how economics works .
the problem is the cause of the outrage are incapable of feeling shame or remorse .
removed
i wonder if there 's a way to get him to support universal basic income too ?
deleted
america is going to war , and will need allies .
this is just obvious , any politician saying differently is a partisan hack or spineless .
your `` opinion '' is a complete mischaracterization of the facts , and you should stop spreading nonsense . it 's pretty childish to make up bullshit and hide behind the opinion moniker .
at the very least , he would probably be fired for not showing up to work .
deleted
r/nowttyg
i know i ’ ll probably just get deleted because dissent is not tolerated by the left often , but holy shit is that a dishonest headline . when i clicked the video he literally talked about how the regime is indefensible and that they are committing more atrocities than other countries we may be closely aligned with and sometimes those are just things you have to swallow . but maybe i ’ m just being too sensible .
he should give his life for this country .
if there 's a video of him sleeping , that would be 1 example .
i ’ m not canceling debt , the candidates have already explained it you backwards bumpkin .
please review aoc 's resume .
they both have bachelors . when people say ‘ i went to warton ’ they mean the business school i.e . masters degree . they have a upenn degree .
i know , right ? who would have thought that kim jongun would have jumped at the opportunity to use a us president as a prop to legitimatize his regime ? because of this `` landmark visit , '' i totally bet north korea will now cease all provocations , release all its political prisoners , and feed it 's people .
and he 's from the uk is that ... .. foreign election meddling i detect ?
eye roll . see . you 're not serious . have fun with your nr ussia a talking points . keep buying them $ 300,000 of suits .
before reading the comments : this is a completely sexist remark and i 'm glad /politics is calling this out for what it is . you can disagree politically , but to be completely dismissive like this is exactly what 's wrong with our culture . after reading the comments : oh yeah , this is reddit .
u realize this outlook destroys the incentive for research into life saving medical innovation right
meme of guys face where it looks like he really needs to breath when you havent mentioned andy ngo in 10 minutes
i 'm in my mid 40 's , and as a heterosexual male i can not be happier how the cause of lgbtq persons has progressed in my lifetime . there 's an awfully long way to go , but i remember in my youth my pop recoiling at the sight of a pride parade , and saying the usual nonsense such as `` why do they have to rub it in our faces ? '' but because of the parades the reasons have been made apparent , and those living in fear of coming out have had the task made just a bit easier . we are not there yet , but the progress i 've seen tells me we will all get there together , as human equals .
deleted
deleted
guess you russians can stay home then !
ok , what about the right to protection by the police , firefighting by firefighters , emergency medical services by ambulance , and education for the young ? the government has decided those are rights , but healthcare for sickness/injury is where you draw the line ?
deleted
historically speaking you live in one of the safest and most prosperous places ever . the luxuries in your life are unthinkable to millions of people across the globe . be honest with yourself you . are . not . a . victim . and if you do honestly believe you 're a victim , you 're in serious need of some perspective . if you want to see what an actual victim looks like , look up the picture of oscar martinez and angie valeria laying face down , dead in the rio grande , because they had no choice but to flee their home where they would certainly have perished to gang violence . so they made a incredibly dangerous trek to america to claim asylum . they embarked on this journey despite knowing that , even if they survive , there 's still a good chance they would be treated with cruelty and hostility by the us , because to them it was worth the risk . these are among the poorest most vulnerable people on the planet , and rather than complaining about their situation they did what they had to do in the face of danger to try to survive . these people should be libertarian role models . think about that the next time you whine about how you do n't get to keep literally 100 % of the money from your paycheck .
it actually is n't . hence why i posted the definition .
it further fuels their business . they need an enemy to fight . the thing that irks me , a lot of conflicts are pretty much pointless since we know where the arm manufacturers are , and who is supplying all the groups the us is fighting . yet nothing gets done to them , and we continue to put our people lives at risk fighting .
it 's bad policy , even sanders agrees it 's not optional . being against a bad policy does n't make someone racist . the majority of people were against busing .
check out the office
i still like to believe she 's vince mcmahon 's daughter . but that 's just because i 'm a shifty little prick who relishes scandal and rumor .
trevor is a fine human being but a poor replacement for stewart . few could fill his shoes but somebody else needs to try .
well , this would explain why republicans have such a hardon for lincoln . but then , they should have raging justice boners for fdr and truman , which they do n't . more gop hypocrisy , i guess .
please . tell me what facts then ? i ’ m literally on here talking shit about the concentration camps and you gon na come comment like i ’ m some gun toting trump loving republican . i was even clear to say “ some. ” not all . not even most . but i damn sure don ’ t trust all politicians enough to all be good people . go tf somewhere else bro .
removed
that picture of tucker , is he taking a dump or thinking of trump ?
love tucker
i think the first question that every candidate should be asked is . why are you running . some like inslee will bring up climate change , others like sanders or warren will bring up income inequality or the need for greater healthcare . biden and harris though ? we are running because our donors do n't want sanders or warren eating into their profits .
& gt ; all the gun nuts are circling around trump . the most corrupt potus in history , who loves the worst dictators on the planet . it would be a lot safer for democracy without you guys . you are licking his boots , not me . i do n't support trump . never have . i hope he rots in jail . can you imagine advocating for literal authoritarianism and having the gall to say that you 're not a bootlicker ? that 's insanity right there .
oof ... no one told you ...
he played for the lakers , i believe .
imagine being a reallife villain .
removed
how in the world do you think this makes it any better ? trump respects his toughness ? finds him scrappy ? what the fuck man . starving and killing your own people is n't tough or scrappy . but hey , kim jung un is our kind of bad person ! that last paragraph is all kinds of fucked up by the way . trump sees starving and killing your own people as just the nature of things , the nature of power . he is n't sentimental about the hundreds of thousands of people in political prisons or the hundreds of assassinations kim jungun has ordered since taking over . it is just the way of power .
removed
you know precisely fuck all about any of this .
i refuse to click how did dear leader win yet again ?
& gt ; his style of american nationalism so white supremacy .
i ’ m nobody ’ s hero . i ’ m just one catgirl pissing into the tide .
removed
you say these things then get mad when people call your side nazis . odd
disgraceful . the people of america did n't elect trump~~.~~ to pass off his responsibilities when he 's meant to be representing them on the world stage .
but north korea isn ’ t remotely communist.. ? ?
i hope this helps . this whole situation is so awful , it ia hard to process .
i really hate the trumps for making me pity kamala harris . she 's a nightmare ; a greasy corporate moneyrich candidate who 's faux progressive schtick is well rehearsed . she 's just a better manufactured clinton . but when you go after someone for their skin color , their shitty politics cease to matter and that could prove very dangerous for the democratic party . there 's lots of good reasons to dislike harris . her skin is n't one of them , and i 'd take a million of her over one trump any goddamn day .
i guess you haven ’ t heard of dennis rodman ... ..
deleted
beaten and left for dead ? bruh , he got hit ... .once jesus christ this spin
`` look , benghazi had to go down the way it did . leading a country means killing people . ''
nah . he 's broken up with hannity . he even insulted him on twitter a bit . carlson is his new lady .
removed
again , you said something specific . that 's what i responded to . it was a lie . you can try to change your argument all you want , but the point remains . do n't lie .
yeah that ’ s not uncommon for businesses to have loses and some ventures do fail . it ’ s called diversity and also taxloss harvesting . what was his net outcome ? what ’ s his net worth ? you can argue how many millions it is but it doesn ’ t change the fact that he ’ s wealthy and by his own efforts . but then again , an economist like aoc might know a thing or two on how that all works .
this may come back to bite them . biden might not even be one of the 3 strongest candidates . i thought he was a few months ago but he was so so so bad in the debate .
what the user might mean is that governing shouldn ’ t inherently mean killing people .
wewlad
speaking of delusional , got ta love the photoshop work done on trump 's face in the photo illustration .
they push a narrative that allows their cheating to legitimize their lies and their lies cover up the cheating . do not be complacent .
trump will not relinquish the white house when he loses . mark my words he ’ s got a private army setup up to block the white house . why do you think he dismantled the fbi domestic terrorism unit ?
i was on the joe rogan ’ s subreddit and people kept asking why is was quarantined . i told them about the blatant call for deaths of officers they were doing and they completely turned it around and said it was for show , liberals don ’ t get it , etc . i was downvoted . i always thought his demographic was more progressive .
& gt ; history is full of domestic insurgency leading to regime change and complete overthrows of government sure , and i guess we might be talking past each other because , admittedly , i did n't make it very clear about what exact kind of government overthrow i was talking about , which is the kind of overthrow that many american gun nuts envision and talk about when they argue about why there should n't be any restrictions on guns at all in the u.s . in that context , i was mostly talking about whether or not guns would realistically be of help in a hypothetical overthrow of a tyrant coming to power in the u.s. as for your second paragraph , this is where i would argue that what 's more effective than guns in a revolution is the whole `` hearts and minds of the people '' thing . this is why i felt it was relevant to point out that in many `` brutal dictator '' scenarios , the dictator is usually very popular in the country they rule over surprise , propaganda is very effective , so it 's very likely in those situations that a revolutionary force would likely not just be up against a government , but also fellow citizens who are in full support of the government . the big exception to this is when a country rules over a region which is largely composed of a group that is n't part of the majority of that country . for example , within the xinjiang province in china , there 's a large amount of support for separatism from the uyghurs , but han chinese , who make up the majority of china as a whole , are for the most part supportive of the government and the chinese government , as brutal as it treats uyghurs , is n't particularly brutal to the han population , and especially treats the people who fall in line quite well . another example is the one which you gave with the chechens and the battle of grozny . it 's interesting that you brought that up because , while it was a success for the chechen separatists in the short run , chechnya today is still , for the most part , under russian occupation . those are also drastically different situations from what the u.s. would have on its hands in a potential revolution scenario . while the u.s. does certainly have its share of tensions , there are n't specific places that have a drastically higher concentration of tensions than others . for example , the u.s. treatment of its citizens is n't all that different for californians than it is for minnesotans , and minnesotans do n't have extremely strong ethnic ties to minnesota in particular , so there 's not really any reason people in minnesota would have a lot of support within their own state if they wanted to split off . the only real geographic component to tensions is the `` urban/rural '' split , and i do n't think that lends itself to helping with a potential overthrow .
and kim has done more to influence the administration in a positive way than ivanka with getting that elderly woman pardoned .
standing up for our country does not require ignoring the behavior of the president 's children .
defence not france
mueller could have , but chose not to .
lol at aoc talking about qualified officials ...
`` what the hell is this nonse ... oh . townhall . got it . '' \me , every single fucking time . & amp ; # x200b ; look op , your guy has historically low approval rating and a high disapproval rating . only in your insular bubble do you think hes doing a good job .
he was n't voted in . hilary won the majority vote .
not to mention tucker carlson the acting fox of fox .
they appear to revel in their cognitive dissonance .
removed
better be a damned big couch
we 're close to `` aoc uses firespin on _____ '' , are n't we .
yeah .
alright boys this is it , expect to have a dictator in the next few years .
you can get professional help . life can be better for you .
if people read the article its clear he was n't defending north korea .
by `` literal authoritarianism '' i presume you mean gun licensing ?
removed
deleted
and real diplomacy can only be achieved by the dnc rigging their primaries and screwing bernie out of his donations again .
is that what the dnc wants to get behind ? they fear bernie so goddamn much that they want this douche to run for president ?
hitler totally didn ’ t hate the commies .
& gt ; because we ca n't prove it did n't happen . so it ’ s not definitive . & gt ; considering every other released hostage has not been tortured in any way , but instead treated very well , i 'm going to revert to my original wording , and say he was definitively not tortured look up what the word definitive means .
having a degree for international relations makes you more qualified than simply the fact that the president is your daddy .
as is tradition .
after which point , it ’ s lukewarm olympia time !
tulsi will be the big spoiler next year , just watch .
if you call what 's happening in north korea `` peace '' you 're the other fucking devil and you have no business being allowed to speak in public .
i like booker a lot . i think he says what he means , and i like that he isn ’ t afraid to ruffle feathers .
exactly . blows my mind that reddit still swoons at the mention of mueller .
r/failcest
it 's taking property by force therefore confiscation
godwin said it 's alright .
nonsense . i 'm certainly not concerned about it . who exactly is ?
do n't say that . from this , we may see the installation of a trump hotel in pyongyang .
every fucking time i hear npr interviewing a democrat and impeachment comes up , they frame the questions as `` do you think its politically wise of democrats to push for impeachment when the voters want you to concentrate on social issues ? ? ? '' time and time again , they frame impeachment as political suicide . never , never do they say `` do you think its politically reckless not to begin impeachment '' ?
which is weird , because china is basically capitalist at this point .
check out these fat sacks of shit toddling down an unearned glory stroll .
people read that shit and agree with him ? holy fuck guys .
no , its not .
& lt ; cancels job application for google ceo & gt ; fair point , i guess .
he corrected it . derp
says the trump loving/florida `` man '' . i think you guys already have the market cornered on `` moron '' . why do n't you take your three remaining teeth back to your tweeker den . or better yet , do share with us ivanka 's qualifications so demanding of praise ... and not a nepotism charges .
clickbait .
i don ’ t usually say things like this , but tucker carlson is piece of shit .
i wo n't read it either but i do have a farm i 'm willing to wager against it .
at least joffrey had living parents . this korean kid is unchained .
oh thank god . kit kat is one of the very very few candy bars that does n't have corn syrup in it .
personal responsibility
no , that 's not the alternative , but at this point , bringing tucker carlson is one step away from trump bringing dennis rodman to north korea , which might have made sense as a savvy political move during this clown show of an administration except rodman went and drunkenly shit himself during his last visit to north korea .
& gt ; it was obama voters who stayed home or voted third party who cost hillary the election . huh ? there was really no difference between them as far as policy went . she and sanders were much more different .
37 ? what a brainless moron fuck of an adult holy shit lmao
& gt ; allow me to pull you into the real world . do you enjoy talking down to people or is it a personality trait ? any sane person would want to know what happened in the moments leading up to and proceeding ivankas interjection before passing judgment .
removed
“ he meant by tariffs , not a signed check. ” did you forget you typed that ? that ’ s literally you saying trump meant for mexico to pay for the wall via tariffs . now you are saying trump had no intent for mexico to pay for it at all . again , thanks for proving my point !
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
can we stop pretending this is some sort of zing on him ? this is as bad as calling trump a cheeto . besides , just look at his doofus ass face . trump is his dad .
a journalist for quillette and the wall street journal standing with the proud boys ? i 'm highly skeptical of that conspiracy theory . it seems more likely that the domestic terror group antifa was attacking rabidly at anyone not in black bloc .
deleted
ah yes i remember the days when they called obama a coward for not being stronger on north korea and russia . now since lord trump took over they praise him for trying to work with them .
i 'm curious to see what happens . in a normal timeline , like say if she had been running in 2012 , i think there is a sizable portion of the dem base that would have been into her . military experience , a different approach to foreign policy , and so on . but here and now i do n't see the dems looking past her weird track record that aligns with trump and putin . i could see her being a 15 % candidate . i could also see her as already peaked in the polls .
yes exactly ! i 'm happy you got it .
removed
imagine the right wing 's rabid freakout if obama went to go suck up to an authoritarian , and dragged along some leftist journalist who said this .
libertarian btw
the one who owned tim ryan during the debate
so , we should invade mexico and occupy it for a few decades ?
wait..i thought the right liked clowns now ?
if you make an edit ~~after a little while an asterisk appears next to the post . commenting on what was edited is sometimes done to be `` fair '' to the people who may have commented beforehand so we know the sentiment was n't flipped . informal reddit culture~~ and you do n't say why you get charged 17 cents a character edit : just demonstrating
i personally was offended . he 'd never be that goddamn polite . lol . i like your idea , but i 'd modify it for them to be screaming at the bodies to get out of their great leader 's way .
we should have sent a turkey sandwich . and however they like it , from that deli down the street the one with the people and the sandwiches that makes it just so great . that should be our policy . “ were not sure right now , we ’ re going through a phase. ” maybe the sleeping giant is grumpy , maybe he ’ s coming into his own . maybe he ’ s really gigantor like one of those fighting robots in the pacific rim story . i don ’ t know . but who doesn ’ t like sandwiches ? ra ra cha cha mariachi !
well , perhaps then it 's time we learn our lesson ? we need to organize , have a strategy and vote wisely !
deleted
the entitlement is disgusting
good time to link a useful play store app : buycott select a campaign in the app , for example , nestle boycott . then you can scan barcodes at the grocery store if you 're unsure if it 's made by a subsidiary of nestle and the app will let you know .
she had more experience in politics than trump did before he ran for president , so no .
removed
they made his head even bigger which just makes his little hands even smaller .
hi ` clownstotherightofme ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason : already submitted : this article has been submitted to /r/politics within the last three days : i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes . if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
i do n't know if you 're just making a dark joke . but it legitimately horrifies me that this is almost certainly the reason thousands of these kids are just disappearing . and if it ever came out that they are being sex trafficked and murdered . i legitimately have no idea how i would react to the revelation of our government being that evil .
he can still go trans to win points with the intersectional crowd . it ’ s never too late bernie !
you tell me why democrat politicians didn ’ t care when obama had bad immigrant policies but now all of sudden they love immigrants ?
this is why trump will win 2020/cdn.voxcdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/15980179/awokening_chart6_liberalsv1_left.jpg and this/cdn.voxcdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/15978553/awokening_chart7_liberals_diversity.jpg even the minorities fall in line more with white conservatives on this issue compared to white liberals . vox has the balls to admit liberals nowadays have become too left . when you are too much to one side of the spectrum , others who aren ’ t on your side become an extreme version . this is why so many liberals are quick to call conservatives racists , bigots , and nazis for simply disagreeing with them on certain things . and trump will win because of the “ silent minority majority. ” meaning , those minorities who may not necessarily outright support trump although a lot of them do , but agree with him on some key issues . but these minorities can ’ t say this out loud to , i ’ m sure , most of their friends who are most likely liberal minorities themselves . they risk getting ties cut , being insulted , being shamed , being labeled a racist by some they love . so they keep silent about it , but will vote for trump on election day . the above charts supports this notion , especially the anes 2018 pilot survey , that samples millions of random people online . this silent minority majority will help trump win .
yay . we have achieved peak perfection .
ah here ’ s the catch , the government mandated that loans be given to subprime lenders . the banks were given quotas and had to provide a certain number of subprime loans . it never would ’ ve happened if they wouldn ’ t have lowered the threshold . i was answering his question .
removed
yup , there is already meddling . look at google , facebook , pinterest , all have been exposed trying to sabotage the 2020 election . read up on the veritas project .
& gt ; then drop out and endorse bernie yeah , that 'll be a big help .
he 's 'working with him about negotiations ' ? so this is , like , the prenegotiations negotiations ? are the actual negotiations themselves expected anytime soon ? probably not . ca n't rush this negotiating thing . `` not looking for speed . i 'd say we got a good two years worth of prenegotiating here . '' i 'll bet .
fox news might not care but maybe it 's a bridge to fair for life alert and adult diapers and whoever else is still advertising over there ?
well we ’ re kind of letting them at this point .
source on that ?
removed
deleted
why is that a good thing in a thread about boycotting the product.. ?
because mueller is another party over country piece of shit .
or show continuous repeats of hillary lying out her ass , switching sides repeatedly and being the worthless corrupt politician she has always been and no one will change their mind either . hate them both
that only happens if you break the rules ...
& gt ; um ... were they offered the land that was taken from them ? umm . it was not ? the land was won in a war with egypt and jordan . & gt ; were they offered the ability to have their own country , with sovereign control including armed forces , airports , etc ? with their capital as east jerusalem ? baby steps . germany was also not allowed to have full military after they lost ww2 and occupation ended . & gt ; did the israelis say they would dismantle the many israeli colonies built in formerly palestinian areas ? they offered land swaps and withdrawal from 63 settlements . & gt ; short of all that with the tacit understanding that none of the above could would ever be offered nor accomplished anyway and the palestinian lands would alway be a subjugated area where the palestinians offered israeli citizenship ? it would be a sovereign palestinian state . you can make more and more demand forever . or you can accept what is reasonable and start living your life in peace .
he wants to give them how many if he can build a hotel there ?
it would make more sense than anything q anon people say
i think it 's more about tucker being indifferent to the deaths of people . the inevitability of his tone is disturbing and not once is he striving to be better , but just accept it .
do you really not know who she is ? you ’ ve posted the same thing before . if not though here is an overview of her positions .
he can always divert it to lawyer fees when he is n't reelected .
oh yeah , the evil brethren . that makes more sense . if we go by the black goat of the woods with a thousand young angle , it has to be palin , you are correct there , too .
deleted
i 'm watching the event where celebs read the report on a stage .
your submission ` the uschina relationship ` was automatically removed because ` seekersthoughts.com ` is not on our approved source whitelist . r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source . domains must : be notable , as defined by our domain notability guidelines . notable domains will consist of news organizations , research organizations , political advocacy groups , governmental agencies / bodies , and political parties . contain articles , videos or soundclips relevant to current us politics contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source . be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey . if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist , please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us . however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form , we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account . if you submit a spam domain via the form , your account may be reported to the site administrators . to submit a domain for approval use this form and follow the instructions provided i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i ’ d agree that prisons in the us could definitely resemble concentration camps in certain aspects . in most eu nations they do not ... so i ’ d be careful with making this comparison .
why are conservatives so sensitive that they ca n't acknowledge their own failures without a buttery males response .
deleted
deleted
& gt ; let ’ s not forget that cruz ’ s twitter account liked a porn video . no , no i did no such thing . i 'll have you know that was an intern that shared that video and i promptly spat my digestive juices at him for later devouring , thank you very much .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
deleted
removed
the hypocrisy is what basically lets me have zero fucks . i appreciate other people ’ s beliefs and i do my best to understand them ... but hypocrisy ... those people are dead to me . it ’ s heavy in the republican party . i ’ m hope full for bipartisanship , but that ’ s a long shot away .
this quote is taken way out of context . but do n't let that stop r/politics from downvoting and calling you names .
how about less mueller and more someone with a little backbone .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm honestly a bit afraid of what they 'll find
him and his ilk were killed by the us government , whether justified or not , they weren ’ t given due process .
terrorism is part and parcel of living in a big city .
looks like fuckin tom arnold , i thought i was insane for a second . thank goodness someone else noticed .
removed
where in that interview did he say that death camps are necessary to run a country ? overreact much ?
deleted
she did run for congress .
\ citation needed\
ugh . that hits home . apart from the love one they all apply to the current situation .
deleted
a dui is a misdemeanor . what are you talking about you are n't put in jail for misdemeanors ?
deleted
delusional lem me know how that open border policy works for you guys
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , any advocating or wishing death/physical harm , and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
it means killing liberals and immigrants . are you ready to die for your lack of fealty ?
if trump could execute people he absolutely would
but it 's still bad . right ? does n't matter who does it . right ? so we stop it . right ?
ha . i thought he was talking about iran ...
first , for me , was citizens united . my jaw was on the ground + i remember finding few people who thought it was a big deal . or maybe it was before that , when black folks kept telling everyone about police killings having never stopped . since no one had hard evidence , time and again the victim was made into an aggressive monster and the police were never penalized . then people documented these murders repeatedly on their phones or the events were caught on the police cameras themselves , and regardless of direct evidence , nothing happened . and the official and unofficial wars . usa bombs countries they have n't even declared war w. and the people shop and watch tv . this is insanity .
president trump said that the press is “ truly the enemy of the people . ”
i understand what you ’ re saying . we can agree to disagree . unless we decide to completely ignore context , i don ’ t think ivanka ’ s career qualifications are impressive at all . she got into her rich father ’ s alma mater and works at her father ’ s company .
trump doing kim 's propaganda for the 3rd straight meeting . this time with kim on home court . insanity that people cheer on .
which is what made everyone on the right yelling about “ hillary will put chelsea into the state department ! ” so irritating . chelsea clinton is more qualified to run the state department then ... literally anyone in trump ’ s administration . but here we are . somehow .
they also removed the fatness/bloat and pasted in someone else 's winning smile . he looks like a rugged 50 rather than an ancient dissipated orange fuckface .
did they release smear articles the day all the other candidates who have 0 % of winning announced then ? not to mention she ’ s the only candidate who was asked a negative question about a view from a long time ago the first debate night .
ca n't wait to see this sub if he does .
there are many fields that already failed because of lack of consumer protection and no competition .
is oregon state lawmaker , sen. brian boquist r who threatened police over the state climate bill the exspouse of lorena bobbitt who used a knife while her spouse was asleep to cut off his penis ?
there are many fields that already failed because of lack of consumer protection and no competition .
deleted
& gt ; trump ’ s inauguration : the ~~money~~ rubles behind the most expensive u.s. presidential debut
removed
i mean even if she didn ’ t say the things she did , they ’ d still find ways to rage about her .
& gt ; our partners are finally paying their fair share can you please elaborate on that ?
honestly , good . tucker carlton is a piece of human excrement but at least he 's not a fucking war criminal .
is it justin trudeau or theresa may ? i 'm really curious .
`` unaware of any accusations against staff members that were found to have merit . '' & amp ; # x200b ; 178 accusations in 4 years , and no data on if any of them were actually legitimate . hardly a `` sex slave '' ring . & amp ; # x200b ; i 'm not saying there is n't sexual abuse going on , but i 'd hardly accuse the entire ice and cbp organizations of using migrant children as personal sex slaves . it 's pretty tinfoil hat conspiracy theory to suggest that , and it 's taking this ny times piece way out of context . by that rationale , my local police department is using the public as sex slaves as there was 4 times the number of sexual harassment claims during the same 4 year period .
are n't we still allied with pakistan , as well ?
removed
removed
removed
clearly out of context you liberals always are trying to play the one word game . “ there ’ s no defending the north korean regime , it ’ s the last really stalinist regime in the world , ” “ it ’ s a disgusting place obviously , so there ’ s no defending it . on the other hand , you know you ’ ve got to be honest about what it means to lead a country ; it means killing people . “ not on the scale the north koreans do , ” mr carlson added “ but a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with . ”
leading a country this should never be the default . and that 's what tucker is saying . he is condemning it , but in the same breath , claiming it is what it is . yeah it 's bad . but it is what it is . this is not what we should strive towards . this is deeply disturbing .
you think trump is a _liberal_ nationalist ? i ca n't even
hi ` americanspy1025 ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : your headline must be comprised only of the exact copied and pasted headline of the article , with few exceptions see our rule here . we recommend not using the reddit 'suggest a title ' as it may not give the exact title of the article . the all caps and 'breaking ' rule is applied even when the actual title of the article is in all caps or contains the word 'breaking' . this rule may be applied to other single word declarative and/or sensational expressions , such as 'exclusive : ' or 'hot : ' . click here for more details if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
i thought the right hated book deals ?
you mean the man who made neil gorsuch ?
the domino 's example is heavily flawed . buying pizza is voluntary on both sides . mandated gun buybacks are not . a more suitable example would be if some police officer showed officer showed at your house , took your pizza by threatening to put you in jail , then paid you however much he thought the pizza was worth .
you ’ ve seen the picture of her grabbing jared ’ s dick , right ? it was inauguration night i believe .
deleted
a trump 2nd term just means they get paid for another 4 years of `` resisting ''
& gt ; do you not love how it always looks like cody rolled into work from a night of heavy drinking and tugged relentlessly at his tie while reading the morning paper ? if you watch it from the earliest ones , it 's normal and then it gets progressively worse over time . also ... vaush watcher ?
see also : japanese internment camps .
removed
deleted
not a thing . i did n't raise the nepotism issue .
hi ` americanspy1025 ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : your headline must be comprised only of the exact copied and pasted headline of the article see our rule here . we recommend not using the reddit 'suggest a title ' as it may not give the exact title of the article . the all caps and 'breaking ' rule is applied even when the actual title of the article is in all caps or contains the word 'breaking' . this rule may be applied to other single word declarative and/or sensational expressions , such as 'exclusive : ' or 'hot : ' . click here for more details if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
putin 's in charge duh .
removed
there 's now a difference between `` republicans '' and `` conservatives . '' but conservatives turned their backs on the us by not stopping or at least speaking up the trend in their party .
removed
every time there is some revelation of wrongdoing , the guilty parties immediately pivot to playing the victim .
why do you think they started the video audio at his answer and not the question before it ? guarantee they asked why go there if they commit atrocities and this was his answer . there is no `` defending '' north korea by stating he would visit them just like he would visit germany .
so , nascar ?
honestly , i dont give a fuck . as long as that warhawk john bolton is n't providing key national security advice . tucker at least seems to be counseling the president not to start another war , and that 's something we should all get behind . if bolton wants to fight iran so badly , he should go himself and do whatever the hell he wants . i would pay for his plane ticket .
deleted
how can you secure a nomination when you ca n't secure a defensible stance ? boy , do you hack it up .
i ’ m also from virginia . i don ’ t think that part of it makes much of a difference , but for reference , i agree with what someone above said . my dad and i would kiss on the cheek . occasionally when he was really drunk and passed out watching tv and i ’ d tell him goodnight he ’ d give me a quick kiss on the lips . i was never uncomfortable with any of that , it was always very clearly just a way of being like , “ hey , you ’ ll always be my baby girl , and i love you. ” with inappropriate touching , joking about sex , staring , posing in racy ways for magazines , talking about my body with other men and in public ... yeah , all of that is way passed the line that should never be crossed . someone else made a comment that because this is all ivanka knows and has always experienced with her father appropriate in our eyes or not she just may not recognize that it isn ’ t “ normal ” .
neither is being a bartender a qualification for us congress , but that happened .
your friend might be dumb and not be any smarter than the males she works with , but that doesnt mean the same for every other female
& gt ; there are better ways to get to m4a such as ?
fuckin ' a , you 're right . oh the humanity . ha ha ha .
deleted
yes good point .
& gt ; a lot of countries commit atrocities , including a number that we ’ re closely allied with this is an indisputable fact . plenty of us allies commit unspeakable crimes against humanity saudi arabia and israel to name the biggest offenders .
i ’ m sure . it ’ s a damn good thing no one just pays for degrees , or to get their kids in colleges . i mean , that shit would ’ ve been in the news if parents had paid for their kids to get into colleges they didn ’ t deserve ... well shit .
it ’ s like trying to solve the cost of housing by wiping out the mortgages for anyone that bought a 4 bedroom house with a mortgage . but only those people . you bought a 3 bedroom because the 4 bedroom was too much debt for you ? you decided not to buy any house because it was too expensive ? you paid cash for your four bedroom house or have already paid off the mortgage ? aww shucks . too bad . oh , but to throw a bone to all you poor people that couldn ’ t afford to buy a 4 bedroom house , we are going to make 1 bedroom trailers free in the future . it ’ s just ludicrous . and it ’ s so obvious why it is being proposed . if he came out and said we need to wipe out everyone ’ s medical debt and make primary care free , i would definitely be on board for that . the reason is because it ’ s fair and it actually targets debt that people didn ’ t take on by choice .
no , no . we are the violent ones for fighting back against fascism .
well good . it means that she never stopped and considered hating white people .
all part of the `` both sides '' approach to the whitelist . and what are the counterbalancing sides to fox , townhall , breitbart , washingtonexaminer , etc . ? fuck if i know . somebody needs to fill me in .
removed
& gt ; fuckface . use his full name , dammit . fuckface vonclownstick .
removed
explain how we can be the `` greatest country on earth '' with the shittiest healthcare policies ?
how many times have you needed an attorney vs medical services . you have to be charged with a crime to get guaranteed legal services . try suing someone for free or getting a divorce ? the lawyers aren ’ t free then and they will cost you a huge amount . i ’ ve seen people spend $ 100k on divorce lawyers . you have no right to a person ’ s goods or labor . you have a right to seek it , but they have a right to request payment . i ’ m not saying there isn ’ t a problem with our system . there is , but a right ?
who is scooter braun ?
& gt ; those people talk like 14 yo boys fantasizing about being rambo . & amp ; # x200b ; more than that , they do n't have any positive model of government or community . it 's a power fantasy or revenge fantasy about fighting off `` the wrong sort of people '' after civilisation fails , with no interest in reinforcing civilisation , any sort of civic virtues , or preventing the rise of tyranny when wouldbe tyrants start targeting minorities and shuffling them off to concentration camps .
& gt ; looks like a rugged 50 hiss face looks like it 's been cut out of an old cigarette advertisement and pasted onto an inflated rubber head with some dead grass on top rugged 50 fits i guess
& gt ; $ 50 a day that 's $ 1400 a month . no way they 're spending that much . i 'd be surprised if it 's even $ 10 a day .
the one who likes putin and assad .
trumpkimputinmohammad bin salman — the axis of evil .
europe probably has some migrant camps that qualify , australia has that island of theirs , the point is that you ca n't just say every country with jails are actually nazis because we do n't like them .
hi ` finalfantasyvii ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : offtopic : all submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current us politics . if you have questions as to why your post has been removed , please see here : why was my post removed as offtopic ? if you have any additional questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
removed
removed
how come no one on this shitty board is talking about the violent attacks by the left in portland ? you guys are supposed to be unbiased right ?
i post a lot of tulsi threads here and most of the new/bot/suspicious accounts commenting usually smear her . if bots are supporting her on this sub , they ’ re doing a bad job lol .
ca n't have truth in a newspaper . that 's a slippery slope no one would want .
you have zero choice what family your born in . aoc is class shaming people and trying to take down women in powerful positions . she 's an idiot !
love tswift music , but this is n't politics .
removed
to be fair , kim really just one country wide prison camp . trump runs a whole bunch of em .
hi ` finalfantasyvii ` . thank you for participating in /r/politics . however , your submission has been removed for the following reason s : offtopic : all submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current us politics . if you have questions as to why your post has been removed , please see here : why was my post removed as offtopic ? if you have any questions about this removal , please feel free to message the moderators .
and even then , that was just the first time that was said in english in america . in germany during hitler they had the phrase `` lügenpresse '' literally : lying press which was used on normal , reasonable journalists who called nazis out on their shit and who were labeled as extreme leftist sellout liars who just wanted to destroy germany and their wonderful chancellor . it 's exactly what the trump administration and conservative media hosts have done and said about any media outlet who does n't agree with them . maybe we should be worried by that parallel ...
dead links are why he 'll win ? huh , interesting hot take , but okay .
certainly not , we can go talk to the president of mexico and come to an agreement . they 're clearly not able to solve this on their own .
forgiving current loans does not do anythjlong for future people going to school though . what point are you trying to make ?
the scariest part about this for me is that americans will complain about this online for a few hours , and then forget about it and move onto whatever tomorrow 's page 1 story is . the president is circumventing your government , routinely , and nobody is even trying to stop him anymore : \
proof that half of her followers are bots ?
ha ha ha . my sides ! well done !
in theory , the lhc can receive messages from the future via quantum entanglement .
& gt ; she took the medal off of a gold medal winner at the olympics and took a selfie with it . she ’ s an entitled moron who knows no shame just like her father . yeah , no .
the problem is that tucker carlson is very deliberate in what working together means . the us currently has a president who is openly praising regimes that limit or deny human rights to their own citizens on a large scale .
deleted
but do you see what a ridiculous standard that is ? ! if i had not landed in a technology related field , all of a sudden all of my college career is invalidated ? similarly , if a dance theory major gets hired on at darpa/boston dynamics to help with atlas ’ s locomotion , suddenly is that now a valid education to you ? are you willing to stop disparaging someone pursuing something that interests them ? shouldn ’ t we as a country encourage people to pursue the things that interest them so that we end up with the best people doing those things ? ! how many possible einsteins have we dissuaded from pursuing higher education by ensuring that it comes with crippling debt ? what about a physics prodigy who is on the autism spectrum and just can ’ t manage money because of that ? that person is left working nighttime security at a strip mall in ohio so that they can pay back student loans instead of solving climate change or inventing light speed .
compare it to the past ten years and the numbers are actually pretty low . they are a drop in bucket when you look at each year for the past 20 years .
the gop house intel ’ s final report on their russia “ investigation ” explicitly states the fusion gps and steele funding was legal , along with a brief explanation on why it wasn ’ t illegal .
does clown hall have putin 's assurance on the record ?
not as hard as you 'd think , if you cook for yourself . been doing it since the late 90s .
removed
i 'll believe he 's from the uk when i fart sherbet and sprinkles .
yeah the dad got o.j . off for murder .
read up about him he ’ s a big problem
two separate posts , same topic , posted around the same time , did n't know which would be upvoted .
trump won in 2016 , it 's not hard to believe .
it 's just bullshit . some woman who won a silver medal posed for a selfie with ivanka trump willingly .
deleted
how dare ye ? ye shall only address him as his holy dumbness , lord fuckface vonclownstick . he is a leader of his own cult after all , and when he molests it does count as abuse by priest .
lol , yes . i was surprised anyone thought it could be anyone else . of course , most of the aoc comments were sly jabs since my comment left it more open to interpretation than i thought . that ’ s cool though , i ’ ve willfully misinterpreted someone ’ s statement before too for the same sort of point .
paul was never number 1 . that was a loud minority .
i hear you but bernie is the bridge to the future . we still need him .
the evolution of tucker carlson from bowtied talkshow twat to fullon apologist for one of the most murderous regimes of the 20th and 21st centuries . impressive . just think where he could be in five or ten years . joseph goebbels , your legacy may be threatened .
she ’ s starting to look really fucking weird . she looks like a plastic sex doll
usually checking twitter real quick suffices
oh , it is serious . five citations , and you 're looking at a violation . four of those , and you 'll receive a verbal warning . keep it up , and you 're looking at a written warning . two of those , that will land you in a world of hurt , in the form of a disciplinary review , written up by me , and placed on the desk of my immediate superior .
removed
chrissy teigen is a treasure
they werent ... family seperstion didnt start till trump also obama had an ankle bracelet system that cost less and sidnt seperate families and worked 94 % of the time ... . something trump discontinued almost immediatly when he took office . also trump has yet to reach obamas deportation numbers , even tho his apprehensions are almost double ... .hoe do you catch double the amount of people and deport less of them than obama ? but if you can find some sources for your claim id love to see them
& gt ; in the initial vote of the convention , called the first ballot first ballot would have been sufficient . if the candidate with the most pledged delegates # 1 is close to having a majority , s/he is likely to broker a deal with another candidate with enough pledged delegates to put # 1 over the top . if none of the other candidates with pledged delegates is willing to back # 1 , should # 1 get the nomination ? i have to believe superdelegates , all experienced politicians , would know better than to support # 1 if none of the other candidates were willing to do so . far more likely those superdelegates would put some pressure on those other candidates whose delegates would put # 1 over the top in exchange for concessions , maybe the vp nomination , maybe a say in the next cabinet , maybe some of # 2 's or # 3 's biggest donors getting ambassadorships . i figure superdelegates would only force their way into the decision after 3 ballots , probably not picking # 1 especially if that were biden , and he simply could n't manage more than 40 % support . at that point , biden would likely be allowed to pick the other candidate he 'd prefer , and if his choice appealed to the superdelegates , they 'd back that candidate too , making up for biden delegates who 'd refuse to vote for any other candidate even if biden asked them to do so . these days i figure it 'd be nearly inconceivable for superdelegates not to work for one of the top 3 candidates to get the nomination , and damn near certain it would n't be an outsider who did n't run at all . that said , i hope there are 4 strong contenders after super tuesday . i would n't mind at all if # 1 had to ask # 2 or # 3 to be vp , especially if # 1 were biden or sanders .
do some research on bolton . it ’ s the alternative , and those numbers are conservative . lol at the rodman story tho . never heard that .
stand up for it ? he is actively trying to move us to full on authoritarianism . that 's why he gets a harden whenever he is around dictators .
they sound like the sort of people that complain about children at pride parades and do n't even see the irony .
deleted
removed
which is the position everyone at fox news held while obama was in office . the mere suggestion that there should be talks with north korea got obama crucified and that was with preconditions unlike trump 's wholesale endorsement of a murderous dictator .
my apologies for insulting his mighty bitchness , lord fuckface vonclownstick .
deleted
it ’ s a sad day we live in . i know i ’ m 20 years when people ask wtf happened i will be able to say i called it out .
they feel safe because they know it will .
deleted
not sure about other platforms , but us navy submarines are designed in imperial units . not only that , but when we do design work for the uk , we do that in inches as well .
but the video has nothing to do with which tabloid releases it . it 's about the video . and if you 've read the article you 'd see that it just recalls what happens in the video . i do n't know what your agenda is , but you are completely missing the point here .
it certainly was n't misquoted . those were the words used . they were an edit of the entire comment , but let 's not pretend there 's something intrinsically wrong with that . the entire comment basically is along the lines of nk bad , but killing people is part of leading a country . the last part , the quoted part , is the singular controversial part of that . thus , inevitably , it is the part quoted by whoever edited the headline . you are , in this instance , demonstrably wrong . though i 'm sure it is a mere oversight on your part .
how is he defending kims extermination camps ... in the article he literally says there 's no defending kims 'stalinist regime '
deleted
jesus christ you are an angry hateful person . north korea currently is not at peace no . however i do believe that trump and kim talking and sharing moments like this can help bring peace to the country and help end the suffering of people . i also don ’ t name call and tell people they can ’ t speak in public because i disagree with them . maybe you should go over to north korea their country seems to fit your ideals better .
umm , whales . and chmps ...
because in the us at least , it 's hershey 's , not nestle , so not really targeted by the boycott , which is good for me because i 'm dreadfully intolerant of corn products corn oil might be an exception , still figuring that one out and kit kats , having no hfcs , is one of the very few candy bars i can indulge in .
& gt ; according to billboard , `` when completed , the deal will create yet another independent music company powerhouse with multiple capabilities and income streams through the big machine record label operations and school boy records , the recently acquired atlas music publishing and the to be acquired big machine music , and sb projects , the artist management and services company . '' cool beans . why is this post in this subreddit ?
this is a good time to point out that freedom of speech laws only protects you from the government and not your private employer . hope he finds more work soon . he is good .
care ? he and the gop are banking on foreign influence .
oh hey , the american right wing defending actual dictators who seem to threaten america on at least a yearly basis ... . what a shock
but nobody is saying that . we are saying that countries running facilities that fulfill the categories of a concentration camp show similar tendencies that nazis showed . jail=\=concentration camp . concentration camp = concentration camp .
i just do n't get it anymore . i feel like it was just yesterday they were always calling north korea part of the `` axis of evil '' and now dictators are the good guys to fox and republicans . i do n't like this .
buttigieg , moulton and gabbard are veterans . just wait .
`` but a lot of countries commit atrocities . '' including america .
to get lindsey g. out ! is that not enough ?
it 's fricking hilarious when republicans sit in a closed room and huff each other 's farts this long .
i still tear up at the charity appeal ... `` every time someone in this advert claps , a greek child can not afford a current generation games console '' just heartbreaking
by all means , fuck that and power to you for boycotting them , but in the future when you say why you do keep in mind : all lead is metallic . it 's a metal . you can just say `` lead '' .
the fact that gabbard seems to be so well liked of the fringier conservative outlets should give democratic voters pause . i emphasize fingier here for a reason : more conservative outlets like the wsj or the conservative editorialists at the nyt will focus more on people like biden or delaney , who are well liked for the obvious reason of being more moderate . gabbard is n't particularly moderate , and those rightofcenter pundits are n't endorsing her . there 's horseshoe theory going on here .
i have a rule to not feel sorry for people who are rich enough to wipe away their tears with a stack of 100 's . she just playing victim for attention yet again
removed
same way he did last time , by fighting the people who took their future away and enslaved them to debt instead of saying better things `` will never ever come to pass '' people do n't just love crotchety old men , he actually gave them hope that they would have a better future by giving the medicare and a decent wage
deleted
& gt ; cody johnston was the worst part about cracked . ftfy
my friend , when you ’ re right , you ’ re right .
& gt ; allowing rosa parks to live in his hotel rent free source ? i 'm looking and i see absolutely nothing about rosa parks living in one of trump 's hotels .
removed
`` stricter gun control '' ! = any specific policy 30 % supports 0 potential gun control measures , 61 % supports one or more gun control proposals . only a fraction of that 61 % is going to support any given policy
& gt ; but every time i see a picture of her with her hand in the air you sound prejudiced , to be honest
deleted
removed
what do you think is repeating ?
it 's rhetoric , he is using this to attack those countries is n't that obvious ?
they do n't care about reality , though , which is why they spin their own .
removed
thanks for the thanks . i really enjoy informing people about the law , probably because i think law school was a colossally bad decision for me and for most lawyers and helping others understand legal issues means there are more good benefits to my poor decision . it 's a shame so many redditors give lawyers guff when they 're just providing professional insight . i see it all the time in my city 's sub and it makes me not want to inform people . we share the same sentiments about boquist and his ilk . i 'm open to his actions being a crime but damned if i can think of one that qualifies . well , at least oregon crimes . there might be a fed crime there but i know zero about fed crimes . have a great night !
duh ... it ’ s not we tube , it ’ s you tube !
unfortunately , brain hemorrhages can be fatal . since members of domestic terror group antifa did n't stick around to see that he received medical treatment when in fact , they robbed him , then i am correct to say that they left him for dead .
everytime his holy of holiest morons whines and complains , a supporter of his cries . is that the kind of world you want to live in ?
this looks like some weird snl skit where chris wallace interviews himself .
i stand corrected . i didn ’ t know the driver ’ s children are also put in jail for their dui , and denied basic needs and medical care .
the right wing media is now openly defending state sponsored mass murder . they 're getting closer to the nazis every day .
removed
removed
deleted
deleted
house democrats need to grow some balls , i am sick of fucking trump shitting on the rule of law and wiping his ass with the constitution with no consequences day in and day out .
holy fuck i knew that guy was insane but i didn ’ t realize he was that fucking stupid . being angry at the metric system ... i just don ’ t know what to say about that .
then let 's copy them '' it 'll never work ! that 's socialism ! ``
hey just asking , according to trumps numbers his apprehensions are like ... double obamas , so hes catching more illegals . but weird thing , his deportation numbers have never reached obamas heights . how do you capture twice as many people and still somehow deport less than obama ?
`` russia if you are listening ... '' `` if its what you say i love it ! '' `` i do n't think we would need sanctions if i 'm president , i think me and putin would be best friends '' `` i think we might have to get out of nato ! ! '' etc etc etc ... does n't really sound like anyone was `` manipulated '' to me .
no matter if this is true or not , that does n't change if what trump is doing is acceptable or not .
& gt ; are you serious ? he ’ s more ridiculous than kim ? the guy who lines up dissidents , his own party members and anyone who just kind of annoys him and executes them with quad 20mm antiaircraft guns ? pretty normal for an asian dictator . turnip on the other hand is quite the standout for a citizen of the first world west
mitch mcconnell is the one who screwed it up big . mr . i wo n't let it sit empty before the election this time .
no you are
and chances are the economy will crash before the election .
facebook devised a way to monetize this 'fight ' otherwise they would n't be doing it .
no . i ’ m not talking about trump , he ’ s an idiot . i ’ m talking about aoc , why ?
